+  busincsslinc.  TUESDAY.JULY 7   •   2026   news •   bl •   3 QUICKLY. Essar Energy Transition, Petraco tie up for crude oil Asean seeks deeper tariff   cuts   National level co-operative life insurance company soon: Shah TAKING STOCK. Commerce Dept identifying low impact items for tariff reductions  Mumbai:   Essar   Energy Transition has renewed $300 million crude facility   between  EssarEnergy TransitionFuels and Petraco Oil Company   SA  demonstrating market position. EssarEnergy Transit ion Fuels, owner and operator of the Stan low  Refmery   UK, is delivering st rong commercial performance, following   fresh  investments. lt isalsoinvesting  in low-carbon energy solutions and the decarbonisation of its  industrialassetS. O<J•"'-'.....,  Verification   norms for  weighing instruments eased  New   Delhi: The government   has  eased the compliance requirements for standard weight   verification   carried   out  for   weighing   instruments  having at least one tonne capacity,amovethatwill improve the ease of doing business for industries, warehouses,logistics operators and weighbridge owners. The Department of Consumer Affairs has issued t he amended Legal   Metrology  (General) Rules, 2011.   m  Amiti   Sen  The Asean bloc is pressing for greater tariff   concessions from India as negotiations to review   the   Asean-India Trade in Goods Agreement (AITIGA)   gather   mo-  mentum,   with   New   Delhi weighing calibrated tariff re- ductions in return for im- proved market access   to   ad- dress   its   widening   trade deficit   with   t he   region,  sources   said. "While the Asean acknow- ledges the need to bridge In- dia's trade deficit by offering greater market access to In- dian   goods,   it   too   wants lower   tariffs   in   India   for some of its products. The Department of   Commerce is taking inputs from   the in-  dustry   on products   where tariffs   can be further reduced or   eliminated   without   ad-  versely   affecting   domestic manufacturers,"   a   person tracking   the   matter   told  busi11essli11e.  India's trade deficit with Asean has widened sharply to   $45.2   billion   in FY25 from about   $7   billion   in   2010 when the AITIGA was imple- WIDENING GAP. India's trade   deficit   wit h   Asean has widened sharply to   $45.2   billion in   FY25   from about   $7   billion in 2010 mented.   This   has   been driven by lower tariff reduc- tion   commitments   under- taken   by   some   member countries, such as Thailand and Vietnam, as well as poor utilisation of   the   pact by In- d ian exporters, experts said. The   ten-member   Asean includes Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia,   Laos,   Malaysia, Myanmar,   the   Philippines, Singapore,   Thailand   and Vietnam India has been seeking a more   balanced   agreement that improves market access for its exports while address- ing concerns over the grow- ing   trade imbalance. FEEDBAC K SOUGHT As part   of   the review process, the   Department   of   Com- merce   has   sought   stake- holder feedback on products being considered for further tariff liberalisat ion or elim- ination. The Department has tried t o   select   items t hat are not significantly sensitive from an   lndia-Asean   trade   per- spective, with India being a net   exporter   in   these   cat- egories   while   Asean   coun- tries and China are net im- porters.   Many   of   these products   have   already been liberalised under India's   ex-  isting free trade agreements, and in several cases China's share in Asean imports is rel- atively low, the source said.  Industry   feedback   will help   determine   which products can be o ffered for deeper liberalisation under  the   revised agreement, the source   added.   New   Delhi also   wants   stronger   safe- guards   against   the   alleged misuse of rules of origin, which it believes has enabled cheap   Chinese   goods   to enter   the   Indian   market through Asean countries. Speaking   at a recent media  briefing,   Ministry   of   External Affairs   Secretary   ( East) Rudrendra Tandon said the review was aimed at making the agreement   more relevant to current econo mic realit- ies. " It's a multilateral agree- ment, so it requires all Asean countries together. \Ve d is- cussed   with all   our Asean  partners   about the import- ance of   upgrading, reviewing the   Asean-lndia   Trade   in Goods Agreement , which is   a very   old   agreement   and probably docs not reflect the structures of the economies either in India or in Asean,'' he said. Tandon   said   the   review seeks to achieve "greater lib- eralisation on both sides,'' with the objective of   expand- ing market access for busi- nesses   in India   and   Asean while   ensuring   that   any changes are agreed upon by all member   countries. Prabhudatta Mishra Union Cooperation Minister Amit Shah on Monday an- nounced t hat a pan-India   co-  operative life insurance com- pany   will   soon   be   estab- lished. This will mark the fifth na- tional-level   co-operative body launched by the NDA government ,   follo\ving   the recent setup   of dedicated en- tities for exports, seeds,   or-  ~~cceF.roducts   and   taxi Addressing an   event   on the   511,   Foundation Day of   the Ministry   of   Cooperation, Shah said: " On t he line of Bharat Taxi, we will develop  utility   aggregato r co-operat- ives in the coming days. Like the IFFCO-Tokio successful model, we are going   to   set up a co-operative life insurance company   which   \viii   help boost the insurance sector in the co-operative sector." He also   said   Bharat   Taxi   has been doing well and would   be expanded to over 500 cities in the next   two   years.  ~~~  MOVING FORWARD. Home and Cooperation Minister Amit Shah   at   the Cooperat ion   Ministry's   5 t h  Foundation Day Ceremony in New Delhi on Monday. Union Minister R ajiv Ranjan Singh was also   present ..,.,  The Minister also said that just   as   IFFCO,   Kribhco, Amul and the National Dairy  Development   Board (NDDB)-all created before 2014- have established the co-operative movement and established   it   globally,   the nine national-level co-oper- at ive societies will also be- come major global ent ities. Shah credited leadership and professionalism for the successful   performance of IFFCO,   KRIBHCO,   Amul and NDDB and hoped that  Tribhuvan   Cooperative Uni-  versity   (fonnerly Inst itute of Rural   Management Anand) would prepare trained   pro- fessionals in banking,   dairy,  market ing, agriculture, fer-  tilizers,   and other co-operat- ive sectors. today.   "We are   also   con- cerned about t he health of our   1.4   billion   population and   people   around   t he world. Indian fanners should increase organic production. It   is a   misconception that eliminating the use of chem- ical   fertilizers   \viii   reduce production.   It   has   been proven in the last five years that   reducing   the   use   of chemical   fertilizers   does not reduce   production,   but rather increases it and also conserves land,'' he said. Modi sets off   on Indonesia, Australia, New Zealand tour to bolster ties Sources said that work has started on t he formation of   a  co-operative   LIC for which the Ministry would seek ap- proval of   the Insurance Reg- ulatory & Development Au- thority of India ( !RDA!) and the final   operation may begin in6- 12months. "A study of   these (success- ful)   institutions   revealed that   while their leadership was in the hands of people associated   with   co-operat- ives,   t heir   administration and   governance   were   run professionally,'' he said. Stating   that   by   imple- menting a 100 per cent circu- lar economy in the sugar and dairy sectors, an indigenous fertilizer alternative to DAP will be created which will be cheaper   and better in quality, t he   minister asked fanners t o embrace the new product. He also launched the   Go-  maySahakari Samiti   Ltd,   and hoped that it would advance t he entire circular economy in the   dairy   sector through animal feed, animal health, artificial insemination, dung management, o rganic fertil- izer, and renewable energy production. Prime   Minister   Narendra Modi set off on a   thrce-na-  tion visit   to   Indonesia, Aus- tralia and New Zealand on Monday, not ing that the tour would further strengthen In- dia's Act   East   Policy,   i\1A-  HASAGAR maritime security vision and its commitment to a   free,   open and inclusive lndo-Pacific. Increasing cooperation in t rade,   investment, defence and security   \viii   top   the PM's agenda in his meetings  with   the   leadership of all three countries during his  ~   \   I   la  '\I  ~ - ...._.,_._;;;._  /   ..... - ~,~  TRADE PUSH. PM Narendra Modi with Indonesian President Prabowo Subianto at Halim Perdanakusuma Air Base in Jakarta   •n  July 6-11 visit. "My visit to Indonesia and Australia in the   Eastern   and Southern In- dian Ocean respectively, fol- lowed by New Zealand will further   strengthen   India's Act   East   Policy,   MAHAS- AGAR Vision as well as our outlook towards a free and open   Indo-Pacific,''   Modi said in his departure state- ment. The objective of the Act East Policy is to promote economic cooperation, cul- tural ties and   develop   stra- t egic   relationships   with countries in the lndo-Pacific region   through   continuous engagement at bilateral,   re-  gional   and   multilateral levels, t hereby providing en- hanced   connectivity in   its broadest   sense,   including political, economic, cultural and   people-to-people   rela-  tions,   according   to   the Min- istryofExternalAffairs. MAHASAGAR   (Mutual and   Holistic   Advancement for   Security   And   Growth Across   Regions)   is India's maritime vision fort   he   Indo-  Pacific and the Global South launched by the PM. The PM will begin t he tour El Nino effect: Low rainfall, high humidity   to push up coal-fired power generation in   July-Sept - Rishi Ranjan   Kala  New   Delhi  A deficient monsoon due to the El Nino effect coupled with high humidity is expec- ted   to   push   up coal-fired power generation   to   meet the rising electricity demand for cooling during the July to September this year. Sources said that power d emand is likely to hit higher till September as rising hu- midity   levels   amidst   defi- cient rainfall is forcing con- sumers to crank up cooling, pushing up electricity   usage. "Taking cue from electri-  city   consumption   during January-June, it   is   felt that India will require more   elec-  tricity,   particularly   coal- fired. First, low rains mean low   hydro   generation. Second, it also impacts wind power, which usually hits a high during   monsoon.   To add to this, more cooling due to   high humidity and   de-  mand from farm sector for kharif   sowing,"   explained one of   the sources.  DEMAND   GROWS For instance, during Janu- ary-March, energy and peak demand grew by 12 per cent y-o-yand 9 percent   y-o-y,   re- spectively, said JM Financial in   a   recent   commentary, adding that peak demand of 270 GW was forecast ed in June versus   actual   on May 21, 2026.   "As   we enter super El Nino mid-July o nwards, peak demand   could   touch  280---290   GW, which was ori- ginally projected for FY29,'' the brokerage ant icipated. Manoj   Kumar, Analyst at the Finland-based Centre for Research   on   Energy   and Clean Air (CREA), said India faces a double challenge. "Not   only   will   falling winds and rainfall associated with   El   Nino   cut   India's power generation from tur- bines and hydropower, but warmer   temperatures   \viii  also   dri\·e-up   demand   for power-hungry air condition- ing. Additional cooling   de- mand could total as much as  10   terawatt   hour   (TWh) within a year, the equivalent of a quarter   of Delhi's annual electricity   use,"   he anticipated. He pointed out that com- bining the lost output from renewables   and   the   in- creased demand for power, India could face a generation gap   of   nearly l8 TWh. "Currently,   the   most likely outcome is a surge   in  coal-fired   power,   which would release an estimated 17 million tonnes of   CO2. In the most severe scenario, the extra   coal   generation reaches 24 TWh,roughlyhalf of India's entire increase in coal burn last year,'' Kumar anticipated. Analysts   have   also pointed out that   even as   India   is adding   record   renewables capacity,   the   pressure   on  ~herma!   power   plants   is  mcreasmg.  Ankit Jain, VP   and   Co- Group   Head of Corporate Ratings   at   lC RA,   recently said   t hat   power   demand growth   is   expected to   re- bound in FY27, supported by expectations of peak   sum-  mer, Super El-Nino impact, a lower   base   and   continued momentum in industrial and commercial activities. How- ever, the growth will remain contingent upon any unfore- seen weather-related events. Similarly,   Crisil   Intelli- gence   expects   power   de- mand   to   increase   6-7 per cent y-o-y in F\'27 to 1,810- 1,830 BU, driven   by   higher temperatures   and   lower rainfall due to the expected El Nino effect from July. IndianOil gets nod for Ennore LNG terminal expansion - T E Raja Simhan Chennai The Union MinistryofEnvir- onment, Forest and Climate Change   (MoEFCC)   has granted   environmental clearance   for   the   '3,400  crore expansion of lndianOil LNG Pvt Ltd 's (IOLPL) En- nore LNG terminal in North Chennai. This will pave the way for doubling the facil-  ity's   regasification capacity from 5 million tonnes peran- num (mtpa) to lOmtpa. lndianOil   LNG   Private  Lt d, a joint venture of   Indian Oil Corporation Ltd, com- missioned the country's first LNG import and regasifica- tion   terminal   on the   east coast at Ennore in 2019 after construction began in 2015. The facility   was originally designed with a capacity o f S  EXPANSION PLAN. This will pave the way for doubling the facility's   regasiflcation   capacity from 5 million tonnes per annu m (mtpa)to 10 mtpa mtpa and provisions for   fu-  ture expansion to 10 mtpa The proposed expansion is driven by rising natural gas demand in   the Ennore catch- ment area. The enhanced   fa-  cility will increaseregasifica- tion capacity from 20 million standard   cubic metres per day   (MMSCMD)   to   40 MMSCMD, enabling greater  CJ  supplies of regasified   LNG ( RLNG) to industries across Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, the company said in a filing with the Envir- o nment Ministry. The gas will cater to power plants,   fertilizer   units,   in- dustrial consumers, and city gas   distribution   networks, including piped natural gas for   households   and   com- pressed natural gas for the transport sector, t he   com-  panysaid in the filing. The expansion project will be executed within t he exist- ing terminal premises at the Kamarajar   Port   in   Ennore without acquiring addit ional land. The expansion is expected to   be   completed   in   54 months and will support the Centre's   objective   of   in- creasing the share of   natural gas   in   India's   energy mix from about 6 per cent to 15 per   cent   by 2030, sources said. Besides meeting growing domestic demand, t he pro- ject is also   expected to create opportunities for LNG bunk- ering, break-bulk operations and exports to neighbouring countries such as Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Myanmar. with a visit to Indonesia from July 6-8 at the invitation of President   Prabowo   Subi- anto. From Indonesia, Modi will travel to Melbourne   at the in- vitation of Australian Prime Minister   Anthony Albanese. He said the visit   would strengthen   the   India-Aus- tralia Comprehensive Stra- tegic Partnership, with dis- cussions   covering   defence and security, trade and   in-  vest ment,   education   and  people-to-people   t ies. The final leg of the tour  \viii   t ake Modi to Auckland at the invitation of New Zeal- and   Prime Minister Chris- topher Luxon. Alleging   that   co-operat -  ives   were a neglected move- ment during the   Congress rule,   Shah   said   establish- ment of the   Ministry   has given a new 'lifeline' to In- dia's   co-operative   sector. After many years, t hanks to the   Ministry   of   Coopera- tion's   initiative,   nine   na- tional-level co-operative   so-  cieties have   been   created, combining   three   national-  level   co-operative societies. Through these nine soci- eties, co-operation has been integrated into nine differ- ent sectors, from the coun- tryside   to   the villages,   he said. AMENDl\1ENTS IN ACT Highlighting   that t he Centre has   made   SO   important amendments in   the Multi- State Cooperative Societies Act 2002 after creation of a separate Ministry, he said the entire   co-operative   system has become more transpar- ent and democrat ic. Appealing chemical fertil- izer manufacrurers   to   start producing organic manure, Shah said   it   is crucial to pro- mote   organic   production He stated that the seed production co-operative - Bharatiya   Beej   Sahakari Sam- it i Ltd (BBSSL) -   will be- come   India's   largest   non- governmental seed produc- tion company in next three years. He also said that by providing high-yielding, uni- fonnly   sized   potato   seed varieties to   fanners, India would be able to attract the global   chips industry. --   ~   -~   ELGI EQUIPMENTS LIMITED  G IN: L29120TZ1960PLC000351  t:LL:11  Always Better. Registered office: Elgi Industrial Complex   Ill,   Trichy Road Singanallur, Coimbatore - 641 005 Phone: +91-422-2589555 1Email: investor@ elgi.com Web: www.elgi.com NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS  Notice is hereby given that the   55•   Annual General Meeting ('AGM') ot ELGi Equipments limited   ("the   Company") will be convened on Friday,  14•   August 2026 at 10:00 AM {1 ST) through V ideo Conference   ('VC') /   Other Audio-Visual Means ("0AVM') facility without   the   physical presence of the Members at a common venue to transact the business(es) as set out in the Notice which will be circulated   !or   convening the AGM in compliance with the applicable provisions, ii any. of the Companies Act. 2013 and Rules framed thereunder and in compliance with the circulars Issued   by   the   Ministry   of Corpora1e   AHairs   (MCA) from time to time (hereinafter   refeired   to as   "M CA   Circulars") and   SEBI   {Listing Obligations and 0isclosure Requirements) Regulations. 2015   {"listing   Regulations"). The   Notice   of the AGM and the Annual Report for the year ended   31"   March 2026 will be sent only by e-mail to all those members, whose e- mail address is registered with the Company/ Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (RTA) or with their respective   D epository   Participants ('DP'), in accordance with the MCA Circular(s) and SEBI (listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations. 2015. For Members who have not registered   their   email address, a letter containing the exact weblink of the website wherein the entire Annual Report will be hosted and the   path   to access   lhe   same, will be sent to the address of the shareholders as registered in the records of the Company/ DP/ RTA . Members can join and participate in   Ute   AGM through VC/OAVM facility only. The instructions for joining the AGM and the manner   of  participation in the   remote   e-voting or casting vote through the e-voling system during   the   AGM will be provided in the Notice of the AGM. Members participating through the VC/OAVM facility shall be counted   tor   the   purpose   or reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the CompaniesAct, 2013.  Notice   ot   the AGM and the Annual Report for the year ended 31" March 2026 will be made available on the website of the Company i.e., www.elgl.com and the website of the Stock   Exchanges   in which the Company's   equity   shares are listed i.e.. BSE Limited and National Stock  Exchange   of India limited and on the website of e-voting service provider i.e., MUFG lntime India Private limited. the Registrar and Share Trans1er Agent o1the Company. Shareholders who wish to register their email   address/   bank   account   mandate   for   receiving   dividends directly through Electronic Clearing  Service   (ECS) may follow   the   below instructions· a.   Shareholders   holding shares indemat formare requested to register /updatethedetailsin theirdemat account, as per the process advised by their respective Depository Participant b. Shareholders holding shares in physical form are   requested   to   register/ update the details   by   filing the prescribed Form ISR-1 and other relevant forms with the RTA of the Company, MUFG   lnlime   India Private limited   at   investor.helpdesk@ln.mpms.mulg.com Members may download the   p1escribed   forms lrom the   Company's   website at   www.elgl.com  Members holding shares in physical form or   who   have   not registered their e-mail address with the Company/ DP/ RTA may cast their vote remotely on the business as set forth in   the   Notice of the AGM   through   remote   e-voting   or through the   e-voting   system during the AGM. The manner of   voting   remotely ror shareholders will be   provided   in the   Notice   ot   the A GM. DIVIDEND AND RECORD DATE The Board of Directors ol the Company at its meeting held on May 27. 2026, has recommended a   Final   Dividend   oft   2.70/- (270%) per share of lace value o1   t   1   each for the financial year ended March 31, 2026. The Company has   fixed   Friday, July 17, 2026, as the Record Date to determine the Members entitled to   receive   the   proposed   Dividend.   The   F inal Dividend, ii approved.   by   the Members at the AGM, will be paid electronicaHy   to   members, who   have   updated   their   Bank   account details for receiving dividend through   electronic   means, within the timeline prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013. Further, as per SEBI Master circular no. H0/38/13/(4)2026-MIRSD· PODlll4298/2D26 dated   February   6. 2026, Members holding shares in physical form. whose folio(s) lack PAN. contact details.   Bank   Account details or updated specimen   signature   ("KVC   Oetails"). will be eligible for payment of dividend through electronic mode only effective lrom April 1, 2024, upon updating the aforemen1 ioned details with RTA. Therefore, M embers holding shares in physical form are requested   lo   update the mentioned details   by   providing the appropriate requests through ISA forms with RTA to ensure   receipt   of   dividend.   Members are further advised that, in the absence of any of the aforementioned details,theymaynotlle eligibletoreceivethedividenduntil theirKVCdetailsare dulyupdated. Shareholders may note that the dividend income is taxable in the hands of shareholders, and the   Company   is required to deduct Tax at Source (TOS) from such dividend paid to shareholders at   the   applicable rates prescribed under the relevant T ax law in force. The applicable rate depends on the shareholder's residenlial status. availability of valid PAN.   ta~   treaty   benefits   (in case of non-resident shareholders)   &   special exemptions,   if   any. and submission   ol   all   requisite details   &   documents to the   Company  To enable compliance with respect to TOS, members are requested to complete and/or update residential status. PAN. Category with their DPs for shares held in demat mode or   RTA. in case of shares held   in   physical lorm by uploading   the   relevant documents on the link  htlps:J/Web.ln.mpms.mulg.com/1ormsre11tsubmlsslon-ol-Form-121-41.hlml.  The TOS rate would vary depending on the residential status   of   the members and the documents submitted   by   them and accepted by the Company. A ccordingly, the above referred Final Dividend will be paid after deducting TOS as applicable. Thedetailedcommunicalion regardingthedifferentratesof taxandthedocumentsrequiredtheretotoavail benelicialrates for each category ofshareholdershas been sentto theshareholders Considering the above,   we   urge the shareholders to update their e-mail 1 0. Bank account details   &   PAN   with 1heir D epository Participant In casetheshares areheldin dematerialisedform.lncasethesharesareheld inphysicallorm, shareholdersarerequestedto updatetheire-mail 1 0,   bank   account details. contact details, specimen signature and PAN with the   Company   or   ~s   RTA. This will ensure timely receipt of the Annual Report. dividend and / or   any   other communications from the Company July06,2026 Coimbatore  :::-  By Order of the Board For Elgi Equipmentslimlted Rohit Gupte  Company Sei:retaryandComp!iance0fficer  Membership ffo.: A1 2422