+  4 .   bl . think thchindubusinessline® TUESDAY·JULY7,2026 Positive energy  Transition   issues   in   Delhi's welcome   EV   push  T   he Delhi government has unveiled an ambitious e lectric vehicles policy, which could be a trendsetter. The objectives here are local a nd nationa l -   namely, to address the problem ofexceptionally high pollution in the Capital, and reduce the fuel import bill   by   shifting away from ICE vehicles. So, from April 1, 2027, only electric 3-wheelers and light trucks would   be allowed to register. 1\vo-wheelers must follow suit the following year. To facilitate this shift, a slew of   incentives are on offer from this month till March 2030, such as: exem ption from road tax and registration fees for cars up to   'f30   lakh; subsidies of  f50,000   for EV-2ws over three years and the same for EV-3ws over a year;   fl   lakh scrapping incentive; and investing in 30,000 charging stations. According to analysts, over halfof   Delhi's PM 2.5 levels are attributable t o vehicular emissions. The initiative is worth trying out at scale, as big gains can accrue from a large scale adoption of   EVs.   The country spends about   fl   l lakh crore on crude oil imports for FY26, and at least halfof   petroleum imports   is   used by the transport sector. A shift to £Vs does not lead to complete import substitution, as   there is a dependence on batteries and critical minerals. But as recyclable batteries as well as the use of   non-critical minerals evolve, t he scenario could change. India has used target ed PL! schemes to cover critical EV parts such as battery cells. The policy   should aim at renewables powering EVs. Besides, the   EV   push must foreground trucks and buses, as they are bulk users of   fuel. A purchase subsidy should address the needs oflow-income com mercial fleet operators and fleet delivery   workers.   An   in-principle push to EVs is all very well, provided the details of the transition are worked out. The government will have to take the lead in developing   charging stations, as private entities, say, those operating petrol pumps,   will be unwilling to take the plunge if   they do not see a major rise in EVs on the roads.   The reverse may   hold t rue- in other   words, it is a chicken and egg problem that requires public intervention. At present, the existing charging stations even in VIP areas in Delhi do not seem to work. Issues of   int eroperability   between electric charging stations must be sorted out -   so that all EVs and the   networks   are in sync. Finally, States over time stand to lose excise revenue from petrol and diesel if they participate in the EV push . Their fuel revenues amounted to   approximatelyf2.3  lakh crore for the year ended March 2026. This is something that may prevent States from actively pushing for electrification of transport. EVs account   for only about 8.5 per cent ofall vehicles sold. India's own target of   30 per cent EVs by 2030 seems like a long shot. It's been slow progress so far, but with political will and specific targets for component manufacture, India could progress towards self-reliance. POCKET: Life   by   Compute  1-C"N   1'V1CH  .,,   ~OL)   S.Clf;NC~  1711.l-lC~,   .  \'HI\.O's.01'Hi./,  lVS"f   1c -& ,  MAR1<.t,1'1N~,  M&lliCINt1  \.ovi ,   ...   ,   ...  i  T  hcphrase 'lndiahasdonc better than expected' became common in t he 2020s, the   era of poly-shocks. Recent reports again often have these words. But continually   having   to   revise forecasts indicates understanding of   the   economy needs to be improved. After   a series of   crisis-time articles, it is   time to do a post   crisis assessment,as external shocks   wane (temporarily?). Three reasons resilience   exceeded expectations are: changes that lower   the impact of   traditional shocks;diversity that is protective in a volatile   global environment; and better policy capability   and design. Let us illust rate the arguments with respect to the Middle-Easttcnsions and to the possibilityofbelow normal rainfall. CRUDE OIL SHOCKS Past trauma colours the present -   the impact ofthe seventies and   subsequent  oil shocks tends to be projected onto current shocks. But the economy has changed in many ways. It may st ill be importing more than   80   percent of crude requirements but diversification of   energy   and import sources and a large domestic refining   capacity   reduce the impact of   oil shocks. The   confidence to protect the eeonornyfrom short-term shocks   with counter-cyclical policy   reduces growth volat ility   and its adverse impact o n investment plans. But ca!ls to fully pass on oil price shocks   grew louder as time passed, although short-term support was already   designed to be limited, targeted and transient. It was in t he process ofbeing d rawn down, while Jong-term measures to moderate shock vulnerability   gathered pace. In an escape from normal political resistance or inertia there were major decisions in the past four months that will escalate green substitution.   These include ethanol blending, clean gasifica.tion of   coal reserves, enabling regulation for city   gas pipelines and   for greening of commercial vehicles. The share   of   renewable sources in electricity generat ion increased sharply. Simmering   global t ensions should sustain the push- once   bitten   twice  shy. Inefficiencies in   fertilizer   pricing are yet to be tackled. Moreover,global oil market changes,  \vith   many more sources of   supply, reduce the hold-up power of   any nation or event. The world also has many substitution possibilit ies. The Hormuz closure created shortages in many commodities and disrupted export markets,   but alternatives mitigated the impact and,as tensions relaxed, reversal was faster than expected. Space built through macroeconomic stabilisation and buffers enables  counter-cyclical   policy. Compared to t he 2010s, a better beginning point helped allow policy   to moderate   shocks   rather busincsslinc.  TUESDAY -JULY7 - 2026  I   , I  ' rr~;,r-   •  Economic resilience amidst external shocks PROGRESSIVE STEPS. Measures to increase diversity, reduce vulnerabilities and protect growth have sustained t he Indian economy in these volatile times than tighten   in   anticipation as is the norm in emerging markets ( EMs), even though this aggravates   growth volatility and reduces benefits from higher potential EM growth.  MARKET   OVER-REACTION But   for FPls multiple sustained negative India shocks after   t he US election dominated advantages of macro-stability. FPI outflows   continued in line with the tendency   to assume the worst for EMs and a lack ofgranular knowledge. Market nervousness always escalates during outflows although in every past post-liberalisation shock inflows had resumed afterthe shock passed. The usual commentaries started about underlying   structural   problems. Forex markets over-reacted. Positions on expected   depreciatio n drove the rupee much below its equilibrium range. The real exchange rate reached a 13-year lowin April. Despite much   larger forex reserves and   stable macros there was a concerted push to   get special concessions for inflows such as were given during the taper tantrum when macros were fragile. But the expected turnaround happened soon after and the BOP is heading fora large surplus. Repeated market pressures,however, give valuable lessons for policy. First, when markets arc nervous, it is The confidence to protect the economy from short-term   ·shocks   with counter-cyclical po licy reduces growth volatility and its adverse impact on investment plans important for the RBI to be there to prevent self-fulfilling panic expectations setting in. A   stitch in time saves nine. Second, volatility   has fallen in equity markets since they are less dependent on FPL Diversity has to be increased in types of   CAD financing so it   also is not dependent on volatile flows . The t rade deficit itself   has   to   reduce. Smart regulation and intervention is necessary   to protect markets from themselves. We are seeing   t he consequences of that   over -reaction in South Korea   as leveraged AI bets unravel bringing   down their stock price index, KOSPI. Indian diversity   is   deeply protective. The excess risk premium markets charge EMs should reduce for India as t his is realised. India's moves to reduce transaction costs to   attract better quality   debt flows are smart. While it has the right to advance or retreat along the path towards   capital account convertibility in order to manage externally imposed volatility, reversing market deepening or imposing retrospective penalties are best avoided. But   to   preserve policy degrees of   freedom and   stabilising diversity, foreign   equity   or debt must be kept below a 10 per cent share of   the domestic market. Below   that they usefully add   to   diversity, above they create excess volatility.  MONSOON   FACTOR A   poor monsoon is another frequent past shock   t hat affects perceptions   of Indian prospects even today. The El Nino predictions have been raising marker inflation forecasts. But these reactions are again largely based on past experience and   the same three factors apply.  First,   agriculture has   changed in many ways that reduce rainfall dependence. Top   down irrigation has often wasted water in India   but now t here are bottom up effons at water conservation and optimum use. Our research shows that market depth reduces the pass t hrough from rainfall shocks to tomato,onion and potato prices   t hat have dominated recent inflation spikes. Dense   mandi  networks and State reform scores have significant effects,   underlying the importance ofState policy. Research also shows t hat firms' pass t hrough of commodity price shocks has reduced in the inflation targeting period. But inflation forecasting models largely do not include these   changes. Rains have revived in   July, which is the main planting season, so   the   overall deficit may not be large. In addition, the beginning point is again a helpful counter   to poor rains -   excess foodgrain stocks and higher reservoir levels after two years of   plentiful rain. Again, the policy   response across States matters. Farmers must be   guided against planting water-intensive crops and towards hardy native crops. Greater crop diversity reduces rainfall dependence. Ranking States bypo!ides to inereaseclimate resilieneewill help make them mo re responsive. Rating agencies are doing   t his. Care   Edge has such a ranking. Analysts should also   worry   about their own credibility. It will   gain if   they resist the temptation to rediscover 'internal structural flaws'   and push for mo re liberalisation whenever there is an external shock. Instead, measures to increase diversity, reduce vulnerabilities and protect   growth   could   be highlighted. In a shock prone world, diversity   is essential for   de-risking   and resilience.  The   writer   is   Professor   Emtritus,   IGIOR What the NMC case means to BoB investors Bank of Baroda's $600   million   settlement could   signiflcantly   affect current quarter earnings and weigh on investor sentiment  bl   .explainer  Sures h   P   Iyeng ar  L  astweek,Bank ofBaroda (BoB) agreed to pay   $600   million  ('(5,700   crorc) to resolve   claims linked to the collapse of UAE-based healthcare giant NMC Health,   which unravelled in 2020 after   the discovery   of more than   $6.6   billion in concealed debt. Here's a closer look at the case. What is t h e   Bank   ofBaroda -Nl\.1C  healthca re case a ll about? Bank of Baroda's Dubai operations were allegedly involved in facilitating   certain t ransactions linked to the NMC Group fraud. The bank   was   made a party   to the recovery proceedings as it was alleged that certain financing and lending  agreements   involving BoB   helped facilitate or failed to   detect activities that   concealed   NMC's true financial  position.  Administrators   ofNr-.t C   Health alleged that BoB   facilitated fictitious financing   by processing credit against fabricated invoices While BoB   has denied the allegation, it chose to settle t he litigation and agreed to an   out-of-court   settlement of about S600 million (about   'f5,700crore)  to   resolve its liabilities without admitting liability   in the case. What w e r e the r egulatory changes that a ppears to have prompted t h e d ecision to settle the issue? Analysts say   that for years, BoB was protected by confidentiality provisions under t he UAE's   2018 anti-money laundering framework, which   shielded its Suspicious Transaction Reports and internal compliance records from disclosure. That changed in October 2025 with the implementation of   the UAE's new   AML law,   followed byan ADGM (Abu Dhabi Global Market) court ruling in November 2025   allO\ving  administrators access to records that could reveal internal red flags   and compliance decisions.   The trial began in March 2026, and   by   May\vitness  testimony highlighted the bank's reliance on customer representations. With expert scrutiny   of   Al'\1   L standards expected and a judgment reportedly imminent, BoB opted to settle. What w ill be t he implication o n t h e p rofitability of   the b a nk t his year? Siddharth Rajpurohit , Banking   Analyst  at   Systematix, estimates "the post-tax impact   at about   {4,300   crore,   which   will  be accounted for in the current   quarter." He said this could   effectively   wipe out THE SETTLEMENT. Creates a n overhang on governance perceptions nearly one-fifth of the bank's profit earned   in   the previous financial year. The bank has about n,soocroreof float ing provisions, but using it,   which would require RBI approval, would only defer, not eliminate, the impact on net worth. The expected quarterly profit was about f S,OOOcrore, so t he settlement could significantly   affect reported earnings for the quarter. Docs this case raise questions about governance in the bank ? Sh o uld investors be worried ? The settlement does create an overhang on   governance perceptions and raises questions about controls within public sector banks. However,   analysts do not see it as a bank-wide or management-led fraud.   The case, according to Rajpurohit, "relates to an old matter that has now been resolved and therefore   does not materially alter t he long-term investment case for Bank of   Baroda, although it may weigh   on investor sentiment for some t ime." Have the r e been other s im ila r cases involving In d ian banks? There may not be   a direct comparable case   involving   an Indian bank's overseas branch. However,analystcomparc the situation broadly to the Punjab Natio nal Bank (Nirav   Modi/Gitanjali Gems fraud) case, where alleged collusion enabled fraudulent transactions.   The BoB case appears different because the bank itself became a party   to the proceedings, whereas in many other cases banks were primarily   lenders   seeking recovery. Rajpurohit points out that t his is different from t he Induslnd Bank issue, which he described as a more centralised governance problem. What was RBl's response t o this case? The RBI has not publicly   responded to the   case, though some action, including formation of   an internal committee to look   into the   governance lapse   in Bank of   Baroda's international operations, is likely in the   future.  @   LETTERS   TO EDITOR   Send   your   letters   by   email   to   bleditor@thehindu.co.in   o r by   post   to   'Letters   to   the   Editor',   The   Hindu   Business   line,   Kasturi   Buildings, 859-860,Anna   Salai, Chennai   600002. SE Bi's   ad   rules  This   refers   to 'Right code' (July 6)  SE   Bi's move to   standardise   ad rules for market   ent ities   was   ovt'rdue.   For  years. an::haicmandatesrequired  priorapprovalforeverystockad,  creatingneedlessredtapewhile  otherhnancialproductsused celebrities   freely.   The   draft   Common  Advertisement   Code   hxes   fixes   much bywideningad dehnitionstoinclude digital,influencerandreel promotions,   and   by   shihing to   post  factohling. Allowingbrand level  celebrityendorsementsaddsparity  with real   estate   and gold.   Yet grey areaspersist. Rest rictingdata certihcation to   one agency may cause bottlenecks,andexempting educational   content looks  questionable   when funds   push  specihcSIPs.Clarity andbalance will  determine   t rust  ~  Beo1Wru  Notices to Meta This refers to   <Govt   issues   notices t o Meta   over   child abuse materials o n  lnstagram' (July6).  The MeitY   notice to   Meta  regarding CSEAM in paid  advert isementsonlnstagramisa  pn,dentandprecautionarystep.  Besides   serving a   purpose   -  shielding   minors   from such  material- itreinforcestheneed  for socialmediaplatformsto  uphold et hical and   moral   standards intheiradvertising practices.  Thisstep is crucialto preventpaid  advertisements from being misused to promote   or facilitate child   exploitat ion.  PY   Prakash  UCB t o SFB: Logical   step  Apropos 'Small only in name, not in  reach' (J uly6). Thenarrativeappears  quite   reasonable. However,   the comparison   between   small   finance  banks   (SFBs) and urban   cooperative  banks   (UCBs)   must   beon   similar parameters.   Several   UCBs   have  witnessed   exponential   growth in both t heir deposit   and   lending portfolios,yettheycontinueto remain outside t he SFB   framework   It  is   perhaps time for the central   bank  to int roducea mechanismwhereby well-performing UCBs are  automatically transitionedintothe  SFBcategory.   Such a   move   would  strengthen regulatory oversight,  improvegovernancestandards,and  enhance customer   conhdence   In these institutions.  ~  ii>lttttoWl>g<, KMNtab  Published   by   NiftllW   lal<shman   ind   Printed   by   Pra~en   Someshwar   at   HT   Media   ltd.   Plot   t.o.8.   Udyog   Vihar.   Greiter   Naida   Oi~t   Giutam   Bu,:I,   Na911r,   U.P .201306.   oe   be/liH   ol   THG   PUBLISHING   PVT.   lTD.   Cl>e=i-600002.   Editor.   Raghvvir   Srinivasan   (Edito<   respo,,sibk   for   selection   ol   news   uncle<   tile   P!!P   Act).  CJ   CIII   .: . .