2   •   bl   .   ne"vs  QUICKLY. Nestle arm, Genpact tie up for   GCC   in Hyderabad  New   Delhi: Nestle Business Solutions (NBS) said   it   will  establish   a   new Global Capability Centre (GCC) in Hyderabad   in   partnership with  Genpact,   which   will bring its  process intelligence and expertise in dat a, Al and automation, to help Nestle simplify, standardise and scale business   services.   NBS   is   t he shared services team of the  Nestle Group.   ouo,..,.u.u  Ashok Leyland ties up for  CV scrappage across India Chennai: Ashokleyland announced a partnership with Rosmerta Recycling for responsible scrap   page   of end-of-life commercial vehicles across India. Both will   work  towards encouraging  customers   to responsibly scrap oldvehicleswhileensuringa convenient and transparent  process,saidarelease. 00.-........,,  'As global uncertainty becomes permanent, it's time for attack mode'  GROWTH CATALYST.   M&M Chairman advocates calculated acceleration in difficult conditions in annual report  Amit   Vijay   Mohile  Mahindra   &   Mahindra Chainnan Anand Mahindra has urged the group's busi-  nesses   and Corporate India to stop waiting for global un- certainty to ease and instead accelerate   investment   and execution, saying, "it is time to move from navigation to acceleration,'' as he replaced last   year's   'Samudra Manthan' theme with "At- tackMode". Mahindra says it is a For- mula   E-inspired   strategy outlined   in the   company's  FY26 annual report that ad- vocates calculated accelera- tion in difficult conditions rather than waiting for cer- taintyto retum.  WHY 'ATTACKl\1ODE'  "Attack Mode is a strategy adopted in Formula E racing, where a racing driver makes a deliberate choice to accel- erate at the right moment, in Black   swan   events  have   become obsolete  because   the pond is full of black swans  Chairman,   Mahindra   &   Mahindra  imperfect   conditions,''   he wrote. "In ideal conditions, over- taking   is difficult, because everyone is already operat- ing at top speed. It is when conditions are rainy or hazy that calculated acceleration can propel you to victory. This is not reactive speed; it is   strategic   acceleration, backed by preparation and conviction." Mahindra said the group intends to use the current period of   global disruption to build enduring competitive advantage   rather   than merely   defend   existing positions.  "As   the cover symbolises, we are accelerating through the   fog,   confident   in   the strength of our vision, the clarity of our strategy, and the effectiveness of our exe- cution,'' he wrote  1'1ANTHAN2.0  Reflecting   on   FY26, Mahindra said the group had delivered "outstanding'' res- ults that had "hit historical highs",   pointing   to   the launch of the NU_IQ plat- fonn, the increase in granted patents from 56to more   than l ,300 over the past decade, and the announcement of a proposed   tlS,000---crore   in- vestment in Nagpur   over   the next lO years as evidence of the company's ability to   in-  novate and invest despite a turbulent   global environment. However,   he   cautioned that   the   disruption   is   far from over. ''The Manthan is far from over. We   must now brace ourselves for Manthan 2.0,'' Mahindra   wrote,   arguing that the world had moved beyond   temporary   crises into   an   era   where   uncer- tainty itself has become the operatingenvuonment. "Uncertainty is no longer the exception; it   is   the rule. Black swan events have be- come obsolete because the pond is full of black swans,'' he wrote, describing a world moving   "from   episodic shocks to continuous earth- quakes", where anticipating change is increasingly diffi- cult   and   businesses   must build the agility and resili- ence   to   navigate a constantly shifting landscape. CONNECTOR   ECONOMY  Mahindra said the changing geopolitical   order   also presents India   \vith   a stra- tegic opportunity.   As   coun- tries move beyond rigid trad- ing blocs towards multiple coalitions,   he   argued   the next global order would fa- vour nations capable of act- ing   as   trusted   connectors across competing blocs. "The   next   global   order may well be built by t hose who   can   become 'connect- ors' in a fragmented world. This opens up an opportun- ity for India to be a 'con- nector   economy'   that works across   divides," he wrote. Mahindra   said   India's democracy, political stabil- ity,   geographical   position, large domestic market and the   trust   it enjoys   across ideological   blocs   uniquely position it for that role. "The question   for   India   is   no longer whether it   will   rise, but how fully will it translate this moment into an endur- ingadvantage,'' he added. Mahindra's next growth phase to come from a diversified portfolio Amit   Vijay   Mohile  Anish Shah, Group CEO and Managing   Director, Mahindra Group, has out- lined a strategy to build the conglomerate's next   phase of growth around a diversi- fied portfolio of businesses, saying   investments   made over several years beyond its traditional automotive and farm equipment operations are beginning to deliver tan- gible results. "It is the courage to accel-   e   from   Mahindra'sportfo!lo   of   of the group's largest busi-   "This is not a moment for crate   through   uncertainty   'Growth Gcms'-   busincsses   nesses o utside manufactur-   incremental   cxperimcnta- that determines how far in-   nurtured over the past dee-   ing.   tion at the margins, but for stitutions go,'' Shah wrote in   ade to become future growth   Tech Mahindra improved   meaningful   integration   at Mahindra   &   Mahindra's   platforms.   its EBIT margin to 12.6 per   scale,"he wrote.  ~h:~ 6 1~~;~:~:i:~•ea~rci~~   ~   ev:~ah~~~~   1 \ 0 ~~!~e~~o~~   ~~~•   ;!~~   t:h~;:~:n~:~:   ne!:e ~hto   ::~du~i~~to ~~ ~ i ~  ated   by building enduring   losses, Mahindra Aerospace   crease in operational profit   operations rather than treat businesses rather than re-   built   an   order-book exceed-   after tax and reduced Gross   it as a standalone technology spending to short-term mar-   ing   SI   billion,   while   Stage 3 assets to 3.41   per   1mt1at1ve.  ket cycles.   Mahindra Life   spaces repor-   cent, reflecting an improve-   "Those who move   early Shah   said   Mahindra's   AnishShah,GroupCEO,   ted a seven-fold increase in   ment in assetquality.   and decisively will lead. We  Mahindra   8c   Mahindra   profit, signalling that several   Beyond financial perform-   are determined to be among strategy remains focused on creating institutions capable of sustaining growth over the long term despite an un- certain global environment. INCUBATION BETS He points out that the evid- e nce of that strategy came long-term   investments are   ance, Shah identified artifi-   them,'' Shah added. reaching   commercial scale.   cial intelligence (AI) as the   He also positioned AI as a Shah also highlighted im-   nextstrategicpriorityforthe   competitive   differentiator proving performance in two   group.   for the Group. busincsslinc.  TUESDAY -JULY 7 - 2026  VISU1 V,LY.   Comp,led b)'SourashlsB:an-,rjff  Ind ia's export drivers FY26   saw modest growth   in   merchandise   exports   at about 1 per   cent to $441.8   bil!ion   from S437.7 billion in   FY25.   This growth is despite India being put through the wringer   by   the US administration with its tariffs and sanctions. Tamil Nadu did particularly well, pulling up India's average and steadily catching up with M aharashtra. Kanchipuram   district of T amil Nadu, with manufacturers across electronics and engineering goods sectors, was the second largest   exporter   in   FY26,   after  Jamnagar.   Growth in exports of electronic and engineering goods pulled up India's overall shipments, while   export   of  petroleum products faltered Southern States Tamil Nadu and Karnataka are growing their share in total   exports   On%)  30 10  10  Jamnagar and Kanchipuram are top exporting districts  ■   FY24  ■   FY25  OnSmillion)  60 so 30  10  M umbai   Gautam   M umbai  Suburban   BuddhaNagar  Exports of electronics and engineering goods pulled up overall exports in FY26   (In   S   billion)  Engineering  goods  Petroleum  products5::   •1'1  Electronic   Q  ,!;'~~   ~ pharmaceuticals   2.2  0rganic&inorg.anic   r:""lt.  chemicals   ~  Gems&  je~llery   ·SA  Readymag,\~N~~s~   .1.4  ■   FY25  ■   FY26  •   Growth  (in%)  0   20   40   60   80   100   120   140  Mahindra   unveils 2031 product roadmap + - Amit   Vijay   Mohile   investments focused on new product development to ex- pand the company's   portfo-  lio. Rajesh Jejurikar, who will be leading the Automotive business, said earlier that the business is well-positioned  to   scale efficiently, diversify risk, and lead the transition  to\vards   next-generat10n  mobility.   M&M   has projec- ted   mid-to-high   teens growth in SUVs. Once operational from 2028, the   greenfield   facility will have annual capacity   of   more than five lakh vehicles and one lakh tractors. India's growth story intact as consumer aspirations continue to rise: Dabur Chairman Mohit Burman Mahindra   &   Mahindra (M&M)   has   unveiled   its  clearest   blueprint   for   the rest of the decade, commit- ting   to   26   new   vehicle launches   through   2031, while backing the product of- fensive with   f9,ll2   crore of capital expenditure in FY26 and   a   proposed   ns,ooo-  crore investment m a new manufacturing   complex   at Nagpur. The FY26 annual   report,  outlined   a   multi-year strategy to expand M&M's presence across SUVs, light commercial vehicles (LCVs}, tractors and electric mobil- itywhile scaling manufactur- ing   capacity   to   support growth through the end of the decade. PRODUCT P IPELINE The   Management   Discus- sion &Analysis (MD&A) said  RajeshJejurikar, Executive  Director   8c   CEO (Auto   8c   Farm Sector), Mahindra & Mahindra M&M   has   planned   26 launches through 2031, in- cluding 16 SUVs -   IO in- ternal   combustion   engine models and six electric   SUVs and 10 LCVs, combining an- nounced products   \vith   fu- ture launches. The report said consolid- ated net capex during FY26 stood at   'l9,ll2   crore, with In the annual   report,   the company has said it would focus on capacity debottle- necking,   supply-chain   de- risking   and   commodity hedging to support growth while   protecting   margins. The farm equipment busi- ness is expected   to   see mid- single-digit industry growth after a strong FY26.  INVEST!\1.ENTS  The company said its pro- posed   tlS,000   crore invest- ment in Nagpur marks a sig- nificant   expansion   of   its manufacturing   footprint. M&M   is   also   creating manufacturing capacity for its   NU_IQ modular multi- energy platform at Chakan, with facilities becoming   op-  erational in phases by FY28. The   company   described NU_IQ as a modular archi- tecture capable of support- ing   multiple   powertrains from a common manufactur- ing base. In   t he   farm   equipment business, M&M plans   to   roll out its   PRO-TEK platform nationwide while launching seven   new t ractor models and 12 new product features duringFY27. The company also plans to expand its   Ch:uge_iN   char- ging network from the cur- rent 30 stations   \vith   120 charging points to 250 sta- tions   with   1,000   charging points   by   2027-end.  Meenaks hi   Verma   Ambwani  New   Delhi  In a year marked by uncer- tainties and disruptions, In- dia's growth story remained resilient,   supported   by strong domestic consump- tion,   said   Mohit   Bunnan, Chairman, Dabur India, in a letter   to   shareholders in the  company's   annual report for FY26. He added that the com- pany will continue to focus on ramping up investments on   innovatio n and   premi- umisation, while also explor- ing strategic merger and ac- quisition   (M&A)  opportunities.  "From   geopolitical   ten- sion-fuelled   supply   chain disruptions to persistent in- flationary   pressures,   busi- nesses across the world had to operate amid heightened volatility... Against this back- drop, India's growth story continued to stand out.   Sup-  ported   by strong domestic consumption,   policy   con- tinuity and an increasingly aspirational consumer base, India remained one of the  fastest-gro\ving   major eco- no mies. This resilience, par- ticularly the strength of do- mestic demand, provided a solid   foundation   for   busi- nesses like ours to stay fo- cused on long-tenn growth, even   as   global   headwinds persisted,'' Bunnan stated. BRANDS SCALE UP The   company's   beverage brand Real has scaled u p to become a   tl,500   crore plus brand.   Meanwhile,   Dabur Red Paste, Vatika and Dabur Amla each have sales in the range   off 1,000-l ,SOO crore. A set   of brands   in   the  tSOO-l,000   crore   range of sales include Dabur Honey, Namaste, Odonil and Dabur Mohit Burman, Chairman, Dabur India Chyawanprash. Burman said that t he company navigated inflationary   pressures, heightened competitive in- tensity   and   evolving   con- sumer expectations in   FY26  \vithagility.  "During   the   year,   we strengthened our core cat- egories while   embracing new opportunities. From   expand- ing into new-age fonnats and premium offerings to   deep-  eningour presence across di- gital-first   and   quick   com- merce   channels,   we continued   to   stay in   step with the modem consumer,'' Burman said. The   FMCG   major   also launched Dabur Ventures, a  tSOO   crore investment plat- form in the past fiscal, which picked up a minority stake in D2C company, RAS Beauty Pvt Ltd for   t60   crore. He   said t he company's pri- orities include accelerating premiumisation,   unlocking new growth vectors   in   e- commerce and quick com- me rce, cost optimisation and exploring   "strategic   M&A opportunities for portfolio diversification and accelera- tion".   "As   we look to the fu- ture, the world   \vill   likely   re- main   uncertain.   However, what gives me confidence is the strength of our funda- mentals.   India's   growth story remains intact. Con- sumer aspiratio ns continue to rise,'' Burman added.  'Race   on Sundays, Sell on Mondays': Apache at 7   million powers TVS' premiumisation drive b l. interview Amit   Vijay   Mohile TVS Motor Company is   in-  creasingly using the Apache franchise as the flagship of its premiumisation strategy, as   demand   shifts   towards higher-value motorcycles. It has evolved   into a seven- product portfolio, spanning street, supersport and   ad- venture   motorcycles, help- ing the company's premium and super-premium   motor-  cycle business grow at a 29 per cent CAGR over the   past  three years, significantly   out- pacing t he   industry's   l 1.6 per   cent   growth   in   the segment. Gaurav Gupta, President - India   Two-Wheeler   Busi- ness,   and   Vimal   Sumbly, Head - Premium Business & Marketing, were in Mumbai to launch TVS Motor's new 'Tu Race Laga' campaign and celebrate   Apache   crossing seven   million   customers  world\vide,   adding two mil- lion riders in the last   two  years. Beyond the milestone, the company   used   the occa- sion to position Apache as a rider-centric   brand   built around   racing,   technology, safety,   connected   experi- ences and community. On the sidelines of the event,   Gupta   and   Sumbly spoke about Apache's evolu- tion, and the way   forward.  Edited   excerpts:  As   India pus h es for higher ethanol blending and flex-fuel vehicles, h ow is TVS pre p aring for alternative fuels a longside its EV strat egy? Gupta:   We   are   working across multiple fuel options as part of   our technology-ag- nostic approach. We believe different categories of cus- tomers have different needs, so there isn't a single solu- tion that fits everyone. Our   engineering   teams continue to work o n future fuel options while also sup-  porting   the broader ecosys- tem being developed by the government and   other stake- holders. At this stage, we are  CJ  ..   .. \Ve   hcliC\"c   different  categolics   of customers  have   different needs, so there isn't   a   single solution rhat   fits   all not looking at preferring one technology   over   another. Our focus is on ensuring we have the capability to   meet  evolving customer require- ments   across   different powertrain and fuel choices.  As   you look a t FY27 and beyond, what will shape the company's next growth runway? Gupta: We don't build our business around milestones. Our focus is on continuously taking   care   of   our customers, ensuring we have the right products for their   require-  ments and delivering a su- perior   ownership experience. Gaurav Gupta (left) and Vimal Sumbly   at   the launch   of the new Apache   brand   campaign The   journey   of   new products,   netwo rk   expan- sion, technology, innovation, connectivity   and   premi- umisation will continue. At the same time, we are working across multiple fuel options with a technology- agnostic approach   because different categories of cus- tomers have d ifferent   needs. We do n't believe there is a one-size-fits-all solution. Apache has grown from one m otorcycle to a seven-product portfolio . How important h as the b rand becom e to TVS' growth strategy? Sumbly: Apache, today, is much more than a motor- cycle. It has evolved into a global   performance   brand with seven million custom- ers   across   more   than   90 countries. More importantly, it has built a community. We now have over five lakh connec- ted riders, and nearly two million   customers   have joined the Apache family in just   t he last two years. The   brand   has   moved from being a product to cre- ating   experiences   around performance motorcycling. What is driving TVS' premium motorcycle  strategy?  The brand   has   moved from being   a   product  to   creating experiences around performance motorcycling  Head   -Premium   Business   and  Marketing  Gupta: We don't focus on milestones; we focus on cus- tomers. The effort is   to   continu- ously   introduce   exciting products,   strengthen   o ur network and deliver a super- ior ownership experience. Premiumisation is about creating long-tenn customer relationships   rather   t han simply selling motorcycles. We will continue expand- ing our product portfolio, in- vesting in   technology and connectivity,   and   building innovation into every new product. We are also working to in- tegrate our customer com- munity more closely   with   t he  .: . .  brand because   t hat   engage- ment is becoming just as im- portant as the motorcycle it- self. Racing h as always been central to Apache. How docs that ph ilosophy influence the motorcycles customers buy   today?  Sumbly: Racing is our   engin-  eering   laboratory. TVS has been racing for more than four decades, and our philo- sophy is simple-we race on Sundays   and   sell   on Mondays. Technologies   developed on t he racetrack, from fuel injection   and   ABS   to   ad- vanced   rider   electronics, eventually find their way   into production motorcycles. Our objective has always been to democratise racing by making those technolo- gies   available   to   everyday riders. Battery-as-a-Se rvice (BaaS) is e merging   as   a n importan t ownership model for electric two-wheelers. Ho w d o you see it evolving? Gupta: Baas has lowered t he upfront cost of EV owner- ship and changed the way customers think about elec- tric   mobility.  Custo mers   increasingly view the battery much like fuel- they pay according to usage. What is t h e   next  chapter for Apache? Sumbly: We will continue building Apache around per- formance,   technology, design and community. The   objective   is   to strengthen   the   ownership experience   and   continue growing the brand globally while staying t rue to our   ra-  cing DNA. busincsslinc.  :-C~::",.,.~:o.=  """""'-lbou<lho~ol""  --~!O"'J  ~   ;,,PVT"'tm.~~~  o-.ro1 .... .._._ ,-.,.,."""'.""  ....   -ity ot.,.,-.- ..  ~£ .. ;,t·t~£.~,~~ ~olmi<~ponybo  -·~-   ..   .,.,- --fo,.,.,-   ..d, ...   ~ 1o,_,....,...,.,.,,i..   _   _