busincsslinc.  TUESDAY.JULY 7   •   2026   news •bl •   9  'India will be an application player in AI race'   Pvt   credit funds   see   lise  in real   estate refinancing  RESEARCH PUSH.   R&D spend is about 0.6-0.   7 per cent of GDP; Nass   corn's Kish   ore Patil urges the country to spend more   -   Saurabh   Rat hi,   Co-head,  Ak$hata   Gorde   Real   Estate Funds, Motilal b l· interview   :=~ga~~i~~~s::~:~;~e?c:;   jj   ~;:~~~\~~{~~~~1   tt~t':   ~~!; !:~~on!i enr g,  Mumbai   Oswal   Alternates, said   de- velopers are now borrowing more for refinancing and ac- quisitions as they proactively restructure   their   balance sheets   rather   than   simply stay   afloat.   "The   recent softer residential sales have resulted in deal pipelines go- ing up by 10 to 20 per cent across the market as builders choose flexible capita! over wait ing o n customer collec- t ions," he said. Vallari   Sanzgiri  Indian IT   companies have made their bets in preparation for the AI transformation, from building sovereign models   to a human+AI business model. However, in certain aspects  like   funding and research, India still remains on the backfoot, raising concerns about India's place in the global Al-verse. Nasscom Vice C hairperson Kishore Patil answered some of   these larger questions around India's AI rank   and the potential road ahead as a products nation.  Edited   excerpts:  Considering the sovereign AI push , d o es relying o n foreign Al models put us on t h e b ackfoot? Even in China, they say the models in California are very AI is very strong there. So,   why they are in a position to   hur dles   in   R&D?  the   models coming   in are   \-Ve   don't have to play   ~   innovate and do faster   re-  ~::7~~~~~~-but   are not the   the sam e   !, -.l m e   a s   ~ ~ l •___, ~ ·.:a ·-   ;;:;:~,::::::   =; It's   a   combination with   0 th c r   cou ntries;   we   " _   Thereisnoalternative. the   local   small   language   have our own models that people build. If   a   strengths   Do yo u see India model has to really deliver a   growin g as a unified spccificoutputtherearealot   KISHORE   PATIL   ecosystem? of   other things we need   todo   Nasscom   Vice-Chairperson   We have nor   matured but itis in between such as contex- ---------------   still happening in   pockets. tual knowledge and localised   T here   are   ecosystems   in data. As that evolves, I think   you s ee the talent   That   adoption   will   start   Bengaluru and Hyderabad. we   will   have   much better   already pivoting, trying   and be a much bigger oppor-   It will happen in the nat- sovereign models.   t o innovate in their o w n   tunity   for   overall   ural course but slower than So, can India still b e come a s erious AI  power   of the   world?  India will   be   an application player, largely. We don't have to be play the same game as other countries, we have our own   strengths   and   even China is playing in applica- tions but they have more bal- ance   and   also   some solid technology. How do you see the job c h urn progressing? Is it g o ing to get w o rse or do way to adapt to   AI?   professionals. For   pure-setvices,   in   the next couple of years, Al is a net• net opportunity. In the short term, there may be some ups and downs but AI adoption by Indian enterprises   is   a very big opportunity for   In-  dian professionals. Further,   the   business m odels will change whether it   is a start-up o r product company. There are certain sectors   which we need to really look ar: defence and re- search can immensely bene- fit through AI. It 's h a rd for the right d eep t ech compan ies to tap into t h e right fund ing   s ources   and  vice   versa.   How can we possibly so lve for this iss u e? As   per   Indian mindset, we like to do everything o n our own.   So,   building   a   very strong ecosystem would be very useful. Different people can cont ribute and focus on their   strength.  Even   in US, it's a Califor- what   we would have liked and   what   is   required   for India. How is India investing  inR&D?  Indian R&D spend is about 0.6-0.7   per   cent   of   GDP.   Typ·  ically, rhe average is around 4 percent. To catch up o n R&D, it is not easy because 0.7 to 4   is   a big gap, but   R&D can be a great leverage. For example, India   needs   to   do   much deeper research o n the m a- terials,etc. Al ca n accelerate. It is also the ecosystem and the m indset. Capital is a very  important   but we as a coun- try, as   enterprises, spend less money on o ur end. It is re- flected in the numbers. Even GCCs or private enterprises, tech   companies   need   to spend more in terms of the technology for future build-  ing.  For   example, India will be- come the number rwo mar- ket in 10 years, ahead of t he  us.  But there is a   huge gap when   it   comes   to   R&D spends. Businesses will have to invest and build that eco- system and people have un- derstood   in   last   few   years how the local ecosystem is more important. So, there will be a better push   in   this   directio n   for looking at technologies loc- ally.   This   is a very important point   because growth   will come only o n the back of these investments. Real   estate   private   credit  funds are preparing for refin- ancing activity to   pick up over the next 12 months as residential   sales   moderate after a strong multi-year run, with developers increasingly turning to structured debt to manage cash   flows and re bal- ance their balance sheets.  "We   see the need for refin- ancing capital t o increase in the next 12 months because of reduction   in   residential sales   volume,"   said   Vikas Chim akurthy,   CEO-Realty Funds, Kotak Alternate Asset Managers.   He   said   m ost private credit deployed over rhe last rwo years has gone towards land acquisition and growth, with   only   a part used for   refinancing   to   address cash-flow mismatches. Fund managers   said the  expected   rise in refinancing is not   a   rerurn   to the dis- tress-led lending that char- acterised the market a few years ago but instead a   move  towards   strategic   use   of private   credit in real estate. CREDIT   DEMAND  Amit   Bhagat,   Co-founder, CEO and MD, ASK Property Funds, said private credit de- mand   had   shifted   from '' solution   capital"   before Covid, which included refin- ancing, lender exits and last- mile funding, to growth cap- ital as resident ial sales re- covered. Residential projects continue to account for the largest share of   private   credit investments, with   the seg- ment attracting more than 80 per   cent of real estate credit because projects gen- erate predictable cash flows through home sales. IT clocks modest rise in FY26 diversity ratio   intellect •   •IIYt   your   dre a m  INTELLECT DESIGN ARENA LIMITED  (CIN: L72900TN2011PLC080183) Rohan   Das  Chennai  Despite   AJ-led   workforce disruptions, Indian !T's di- versity progress seems to be o n   track.   Major Indian   IT service   finns   reported   a growth in the share   of   female employees   as   a   per   cent of total workforce, as indic- ated by data fro m company annual reports. Speaking   to   businrsslinr,  experts   suggested   the   in- crease came from the bot- tom of the talent   pyramid  driven by improved availabil-  ity   of women ar rhe fresher level. However, compared to previous years, the increase has been subdued, given the fact that m uch of the   man-  date is now around dealing with the Al-related disrup-  +   tions,withDEl goalstakinga backseat, they added. At   In-  fosys, women associates ac- counted for 38.l per cent of the workforce in FY26, as against 37.7 percent in FY25. Similarly, LTM reported a 40 basis   point   increase in FY26 at 30.5 per cent female Microsoft   joins AI-driven tech layoff   wave with 4,800   job curs Microsoft   is curring   about 2.1 per cent of its workforce, or roughly 4,800 jobs, as the  Windo.,,,'S   maker   restruc- rures parts of   its commercial and Xbox businesses,   joining other tech tit ans in a wave of layoffs as t hey shift invest- ments towards AI infrastruc- ture. Big Tech's historic   A1   out- lays, set to top   $700   billion this year, are piling pressure on companies   to show re- turns from the technology and offset the rising cost of rolling it   out   across their businesses.   Amazon   and Meta have also laid off thou- sands of   employees this year. In a memo to employees, Microsoft Chief People Of- ficer Amy Coleman said AI was changing how work gets done, but   said   the   layoffs were part of   a broader effort to realign resources and o p- erating structures with the company's priorities.  " I   also   want   ro be direct that   the   roles   eliminated today are no t being replaced by   AI. At the same time, what is true is that AI is changing how work   gets done," she ad- ded. SHARE PRIC E   SLUMP  Microsoft   announced   the curs on Monday following a nearly 23 per cent slump in its share prices in the first six months of 2026, their wo rst first-half performance since 2022.   The   software   giant earlier this year offered vol- untary buyouts   to about 7 per cent of   its US workforce. Microsoft often t rims   jobs near the end ofits fiscal year in June as it sets spending plans for the new year.  Widening representation   senior   leadership   levels. "Women often m ake up a large   share   of entry-level hires   (around   35-45   per cent), but their representa- tion   gradually   declines   at mid-management and senior leadership levels,"he said.  Female   employees   as   a%   of total workforce   ■   FY25   ■   FY26  ~ I U I ~ I D I   Bis,vajeet   Mahapatra, Principal Analyst, Forrester, suggested   that   achieving gender parity depends not only on recruitment but also on career progression, reten- tion,   leadership   develop- ment, workplace flexibility, and the ability to keep wo- men   in   the   workforce through   m id-career transitions. TCS   Infosys  employees.   Wipro   showed even better growth with the share of women associates going up from 36.6 per cent to 37.3 per cent -   an uptick of 70 basis points. For TCS, the share remained flat at 35.3   percent.  NATURAL PROGRESSION Gaurav Vasu, Founder and CEO,   Unearthlnsight,   at- tributed the uprick to a nat- ural progression of   diversity- focused hiring especially at the fresher level.   " IT   services remains a very bottom heavy industry. Though fresher hir- ing has been lower than pre-  A  S/\SKEN  Wipro   LTM  vious years, even a small   3-4  percentage point increase   in  the share of women amo ng these new hires can   have   a  :~~~n 1 ;~~e:::   .~,th~~a:S.C   , - ==::::::=:::::- 7 He added that the impact of   the large-scale restructur- ing ar the m iddle manage- ment level has been limited, noting that change at these levels will not significantly alter the larger gende r ratio. Sanketh Chengappa, Dir-  ector   and Head of Business, Professio nal   Staffing,   Ad- ecco India, said that the rise of wome n IT professionals continues to be slower at  i1emsD~a"llm.lSN25  tnujlH..dfoo;nle-e-der.  4 ,,.   11)'.)4 ...   :..JI F Of   detais visit   www.tenderNizard.com/  ~~~ m   thee-tender.   fo;'~".';.';;)ra'se  visil   h)tps://ma1ket.neml .in.  https1/auctions.bsebeam.com  Sasken Technologies Limited  H,~i~t,~•~1(ll' v.,   7llF   Hv.1H .ilDc~1,1   H< r Jil r   hC 071  l tl   J I   H(   U   J1   '/XXl   E   11 , 1   r   v1   l(Y~'   _,,Ice,   ( (Xl  l,',eb51t,   ~v-., s..,sker   corn   CIN L   2 100KA   98'lPLC   I   226  NOTICE OF THE   38™ ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (AGM)  Notice   is   r.erebygiven   that   the   3891,£,M   ol   the   Company   will   be   held   on   Fri:lay,   July   31,   2026   at   10 am (1ST)   lkough   Video  Confereocing   /OtherAooio-V~   Means   (VC) to   transact   the   businessassetoot   in the   AGM   Notice.   In   accadaoce with  Ciculars issuedbyMwstryo!Coqxira1eAffairsandSecurities and   Exchange   Board   of   India,   theCompanyllas sent tr.e  AGM Notice   and   Annual   Repor\2025-26   through   e~onic   mode   on   July   6,   2026.   to those   members   whose   Email   IDs   were  registeredasonJune26, 2026withtheRegistrar&Transfer Agent(RTA) / Oepository~ts (O?s).  The   AGM   Notice   and   Armual   fleport   2025-26 are   available   on   Compi'Wly'S   website   at   www.saskeo.com/investors/  general-meeting,   oo   the   website   ol   BSE   Limited   (www.bseindia.com),   National   Stod(   Exchar,ge   ol   India   Limited  (www.nseindia.com)   and   on the website of   Nabonal   Securities   Depository   Limited   (NSOI..)   a1 www.evoting.l'IS(l.com.  E ·Voting 1.   Share~ders   l'ltlowill   be   holding   shares   either in   physical   torm   ordemateriallzed   !orm   as   oothe   cut-off   date   I.e.   Friday.  July 24, 2026arehereby intormed:  a.   ThebusinessesassetforthinlheAGMNoticeshallbetransactedlhroughNSDl. 'remote e-voiing / e-Yllting' system;  b.   The   remote   e-voUng   shall   commence on   SUnc!ay,   July   26,   2026   at 9 am   (1ST)   and end on   Thursday,   July   30, 2026 at 5 pm (1ST).   Remote   e·voting   module   will   be   disabled   thereafter,  c.   Any   person   who   becomes   a   sta-eholder   post-dispatch   of   tr.e   AGM   Notice may   obtain   the   login   ID   and   password  byse11dingarequestto evoting@tlsdl.com.Sharehok)ers registeredwith NSOLfae-voting may uselheiremtng  login   credentials   for casting   votes.   Please   refer   'Procedure   for   remote   e·voting   and   e-voting   during   the   AGM'   faming  partolAGMNoticeforlurtt.erdetails;  d.   Sharehokiersmay   note that:   (i}cn:e thevote lscas1   by   the   shareholder,   the   shareholder   shall   not   be   allowed   to  char,ge   tt   subsequently   or   cast   It   again;   (i~   ~   who   have   not cast their   vote   n!   not   barred   from   doing   so.  shall beeligibletovotethroughe·votingsystematlheAGM; andOil)Sharehoklerswhosenameisrecorded in the  Register of Members   a   Beoeficial   Owners   maintained   by   the   Depositories   as   oo   the   cut-off   date   shall   be   entitled   to  availtr.Jlacilityofremotee-voting / e-voting.  e.   The   manner ol remotee•voting/e•votingforshMeooldersholdingsharesindematerialized mcxle,physicat mcxle  and   for   shareholders   who   have   not   registered   their   email IDs is   proYided in   lheAGMNotice;  f.   Shareholoers   who   have   not   l,lx!ated   their   email ID are   requested   to   update   their   KYC   inclc(!ing   email 1 0   With   their  DPs   (fa   demat holding) / R TA   ~a   physical   holding).   Company   has   additionally   enabled   the   process   !or   the  sharenolders   to update   their   email   ID   for   the   limited   wpose   ol   receiving   AGM   documents   electronically  by   accessing   www.sasken.com/investas:  g.lncaseol anyQuerieS,f1Jre!erlhe "Frequeo1t1 AskedOUestioos(fAOs)forSharehoklers" and "e•l'Oling User  Manual•   Shareholder'   available   at   the   download   section   of   www.evolilg.nsdl.com   or   f•l   call   -   022   •   4886   7000   a  send   a   request   to Mr. Falguni   C,   Assistant   Manager   at   evoting@nsdl.com   (shares   held   in   demat torm with   NSOL)   or  ~i~   call-1800   210 9911   a   E-mail   at   r.Jlpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com   (shares   held   in   demat   torm with   COSL)  a   frv)   contact   cu   RTA- Mr.   Ganesh   Chandra Patro,   Deputy   Vice   Plesident,   K Fin   T ech"d'.lgies   Limited,   lKlit   Saske<i  Technologies   Limited. Selenium   Tower-B ,   Pio!   31-32,   Finar.cial   0isbt:t.   N anakramguda,   Serilingampally   M andal.  HyderaDad- 500032; Tet: +914067162222; E mait: einward.ris@ldintech.com,  2. TheRecordDatelc.- thepurposeofdeterminingsharehoklerseligibleforthelinatdivklend of l"13perequity share for  fY   2025-26   ls   Friday,   July   24,   2026.   The   final   divideoo,   if   deciared   a1   the   389   AGM, will be   paid   on or   belae   Fflday.  August28. 2026  3.   Share~ders   holdilg   physK:al   securlties   are   mandated   vide   Master   Circular   No.   SEBVHDIMIRSDIPOD ·   l11'/CIIV   2024137  datedMay7,2024toupdatetheir KYCdetailsl'iz.PAN, Bankaro::urt,Contact lMobilenumber andaddresswithPIN).  Specimen   Sigoal\te   and   Nomioalion   details   agailst   their Folio   rJ   the   prescribed   lormat   made   available   on   tr.e  Company's   website   •   www.sasken.com/1 nvestorslffeqoently-asked-questions   and   RTA -   www.kMtedl.com.   My  servicerequestollhephysicalsl\areholdersshallbeentertair.edonlyui:o, updationolKYC. For sharesheldrldemat  torm, please updateyour KYCcietailswithrespective0?s  Formoredetails,sharehoklers arerequestedtoreferlhe Notice o1theAGMandGeneralShafeholder lnformalionsection  ~lheAnnualRepc.-t2025·2ti  Place: Bengaluru Date: July 6, 2026  CJ  For Saske n Technologles Limited Paawan Bhargava Company Secretary A26587 Registered Office: No.244 Anna Salai. Chennai, Tamil Nadu. India , 600 006. Corporate Office: Plot No. 3/G-3. NxT lvl, S lPCOT IT   Park,   Siruseri,   Chennai, Tamil Nadu. India . 600130. Email: cornpany.secretary@intellectdesign.com   I   Website : www.intellectdesign.com Phone: 044-6700 8000   Fax :   044-6700 8874  NOTICE FOR   15'"   ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING, E-VOTING AND FINAL DIVIDEND  Notice is hereby given that the 15th Annual General Meeting of the Company   ("AGM' )   of Intellect Design Arena Limited   ("the  Company") will be held on Friday, July   31,   2026 at 2.30 PM (1ST) through Video-Conferencing   ("VC   facility") or Other Audio Visual Means ("OAVM' )   in   compliance with General Circular No . 3/2025 dated S eptember 22. 2025, issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) and the Circulars issued from time to time by Securitie s and Exchange Board of   India   (SEBI) (hereinafter collectively referred to as "the Circula rs"), and all other applicable laws, to transact the business that will be set forth in the Notice oftheAGM. In compliance with above circulars, e lectronic   copies   of Notice of the AGM, procedure and instructions for e-voting and Annual Report for the said meeting has been a lready sent to a ll those Members   whose   mail IDs are registered with the Company/ RTA/Depositorie s. A letter providing the weblink for accessing the Annual Report for the Financial Year 2025-26   witl   be sent before July 8, 2026 to those shareholders   who   have not registered their email address with the Company/RTA/Depositories Notice   of   the   15th   AGM   and   Annual   Report   2025-26   a re   a lso   made   a va ilable   on   the   Company's   website ,   at https :l/www.intellectdesign.com/our-investors/, Exchange websites, i.e . BSE Limited (https:l/www.bseindia .com/) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (https:llwww.nseindia .com/), and on the NSDL's we bsite, at https://www.e voting.nsdl.com. The Board of Directors in their meeting held on May 8, 2026 has recommended a final dividend of Rs. 41- plus a special dividend of   Rs.31-   per Equity Share of Face Value of Rs.   5/-   each. The record date   !Of   the   purpose   of final dividend for FY 2025-26   is   July 24. 2026. The final dividend if approved by the Members, will be paid on   Of   before Augus t 29, 2026. S hareholders a re requested to update their KYC with their depositories (where shares are he ld in dematerialized mode) and with the Company's RTA (where s hares a re held in physical mode ) to enable rece ipt of dividend in e lectronic mode on the payout date Shareholders holding shares in demat form are reque sted to notify any change in address o r bank account details to their respective Depository Participant(s) (DP). Shareholders   holding   share s in physical form are requested to note that payment of dividend shall be made only upon folio being KYC compliant, i.e ., PAN, contact   details including mobile no., bank account details and specimen s ignature a re registered with the Company/RTA. Shareholders are therefore reques ted to update their bank details and ensure that their folios a re KYC compliant As per SEBI directives, with effect from November   18,   2025, payment of dividend shall be   processed   in e lectronic mode o nly Payment through dividend warrants or cheques has been discontinued Pursuant to provisions of Income Tax Act 2025, dividend income is taxable in the hands of shareholders w.e.f. April 1, 2026 and the Company is required to deduct tax at source (TDS) at the time of making the payment of   final   dividend to the members at the prescribed rate. Howeve r, no tax shall   be   deducted o n the dividend pa yable to a resident-individual shareholde rs if the total dividend to be received   by   them during the tax year 2026-27 does not   exceed   Rs. 10,000/- and also in cases where shareholders provide Form 121. Form 121 is available in the web   link viz., https:1/investors.cameoindia .com provided by the Company's Registrar and Share transfer agent viz., Mis Cameo   Corporate   Services Limited. Shareholders a re requested to note that in case their PAN is not registered, o r having invalid PAN, the tax will be deducted at a higher rate prescribed under Section 397 of the Income Tax   Act,   2025 as a pplicable. For Non-resident shareholders , taxes are required to be withheld in accordance with the provisions of Sectio n 393 and other applicable sections of the Income Ta x Act, 2025, at the rates in force. The withholding tax shall be a t the rate of 20% (plus applicable surcharge and cess)   °'   as no tified by the Government of India on the a mount of dividend payable . Non- re sident s hareholders can avail beneficial rates under tax treaty between India and their country of residence, s ubject to providing necessary documents i.e. No Permanent Establishment and Beneficial Ownership Declaration. Tax Residency Certificate. Copy of electronically filed Form 41 (erstwhile Form 10F), any other documents   which   may be required to ava il the tax treaty benefits . We request shareholders to submit the aforesaid documents in this regard with Company's Registrar and S hare Transfer Agent, Cameo Corporate Services limited at https:/linvestors.cameoindia.com or https:lfwisdom.cameoindia.corn o r email at nag   a   raj@ cameoindia.com or investor@cameoindia .com on or before July 24. 2026 The Company is providing the facility to its members to exercise right to vote on the businesses as set   fofth   in the notice of the 15th AGM by electronic means through both remote   a-voling   and e-voting at the AGM. All members a re   infOfmed   that 1.   The instructions for pa rticipating through VC and the process of e -voting, including the manner in which members holding shares in physical form o r who have not registered their   e-mail   addresses can cast the ir vote through e -voting , are provided as part of the notice of the 15th AGM  2.   Members participating in the   AGM   through VC/OAVM facility shall be counted for the purpose of determining the quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013. 3   Members holding s hares either in phys ical form o r in dematerialized form as o n July 24. 2026.i.e . cut-off date, may cast their vote electronically. The   a-voting   module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafte r. Those Members , who will   be  present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not cast their vote on the resolutions through remote e-voting and a re otherwise not barred from   doing   so. s hall be eligible to vote through e-voting syste ms during the AGM 4   The remote e -voting shall commence from 9 AM (1ST) on Tuesday, July 28, 2026 and concludes on 5 PM (1ST) o n Thursday, July 30. 2026 . and once the vote on a resolution is cast by the members, the same shall not be allowed to change  5.   The members   who   have already cast their votes by remote e-voting can participate in the proceedings of the 15th AGM but are not entitled to vote during the AGM. The detailed instruction for participating through VCIOAVM   is   provided in the notice of the 15th AGM. 6.   Members who have not registered their e -mail address are requested to register the same in respect of shares held in e lectronic form with the Depository Participant(s) and in respect of s hares he ld in physical form by   writing   to the Company" s RTA, Cameo Corporate S ervices Limited, "Subramania n Building" No.1, Club Ho use Road, Chennai- 600002   •   investo r@ cameoindia.com. 7.   For querie s regarding   e-   voting· a)   Non - individual Members holding shares in demat mode and Members holding securities in physical mode may contact Cameo Corporate Services Limited at No. 044 4002 0700 o r write to them at cameo@cameoindia.com; b)   Individua l Members holding shares through NSDL may contact NSDL he lpdesk by writing to evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 4886 7000; c)   Individual Members holding sha res through CDSL may contact CDSL helpdesk by writing to helpdesk.evoting@cds lindia. com o r calling the   toll-free   no.: 1800 21 09911; d)   Members ,   who   are voting through the facilities provided by their Depository Participants , may contact their respective Depository Participants on their helpline/contact details . 8   Members who would like to express their views/ask questions as a speaker at the Meeting may pre -register themselves by sending a request from their registered   e-mail   address mentioning their names, DP ID and Client ID/ folio number, PAN a nd  mobile   number at prakash.bharadwaj@intellectdesign.com or company.secretary@intellectdesig n.com from Tuesday, July 14, 2026 (9 AM 1ST) to Friday, July 24, 2026 (5 PM 1ST). Only those Members which have pre-registered themselves as a speaker will be allowed to express their views/ask que stions during the AGM. The Company reserves the right to restrict the number of speakers depending on the availability of time for the AGM 9.   For a ny query/clarification or assistance required with respect to the Annual Report for the   Financial   Year 2025-26 or the Annual General Meeting, Members may write to prakash.bharadwaj@intellectdesign.com or company.secretary@ intellectdesign.com Place : Chennai Date   : J uly 06, 2026  :::-  By Orde r of the Board For Intellect Design Arena limited Sdl- P rakash Bharadwaj Company Secretary   &   Compliance Officer ACS-37214