busincsslinc. TUESDAY.JULY 7   •   2026  QUICKLY.  Vayona Energy begins blade manufacturing   in   AP  Hyderabad:   Vayona Energy has commenced blade manufacturing operations at its  Nellon!   facility in Andhra Pradesh. The company is also  set   to scale up manufacturing capacity and enhance operational capabilities at the blade facility to support future growth. The Nellore facility is poised to   become   a   lc:ey  manufacturing hub, supporting V ayona's growth ambitions, advancing   its   technology roadmap, and reinforcing its commitment to the 'Make in  lndia'mission.ouo...,.....,  Vikram Solar opens Gangaikondan facility  Chennal: 5olarmodule  manufacturer Vikram   Solar   has announced the roll-out of the first   photervoltaic   module from   its   manufacturing plant at Gangaikondan in Tamil Nadu. The greenfield module manufacturing facility,spread  across6 1akhsquarefeet is  expected   to   generate employment for more than  ~~lied   professionals.  Rain paralyses Mumbai, train services hit, road connectivity to Pune cut off MONSOON FURY.   Overnight, Mumbai r eceived 100-1 60 m m of rain, and gusty winds uprooted over 300 trees  Our Bureaus  Mumbai/   Ahme<labad  Heavy rain disrupted normal life   in   Mumbai and adjoining districts   on   Monday, prompting the State govern- ment   to   review   its   anti- flooding measures. Overnight,   Mumbai   re- ceived 100-160 mm of rain and gusty winds led to the uprooting   of   around   300 trees   in   the   city.   A four- storey structure collapsed in Mankhurd   in   North   East Mumbai killing six persons. While a holiday was de- clared for schools and col- leges earlier in   view   of   a red alert, State authorities ad- vised private offices to let employees work from home. Persistent   rain   though caused water logging in ad-  joining   Palghar district. The Mumbai-Ahmedabad   rail corridor was hit due to wa-  terlogging.   Road   traffic between Mumbai and Pune was disrupted due to a land- slide   on   the   expressway, which took place near a tun- nel of   the Pune-Mumbai car- riageway   of   the   recently opened missing link. Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis reviewed the gov- ernment's measures against flooding and instructed all officials to remain on   alert.  As heavy rainfall is expected across the state, he appealed to the citizens not to venture outdoors unless absolutely necessary. The   State   Disaster   Re- sponse Force (SDRF) and the National Disaster Response Poree   (NDRF)   have   been placed on alert mode. Pad- navis emphasised that all de- partments   should   exercise maximum caution over the next 48   hours to ensure 'zero casualties'. "Mumbai   has   recorded rainfall equivalent to its av- erage monthly   rainfall within just four days. Such condi- tions, especially during high tide, can potentially lead to major   disaster   situations. RESTORING A KEY LINK. Work on to clear the debris on the Pune-Mumbai carriageway of the Khopoli-Kusgaon   'Missing   Link' following   a   landslide   due to heavy   rain,,.,  However, due to the efforts of the concerned agencies, waterlogging   has   largely been kept under control," Fadnavissaid. RAIL DISRUPTION According to the   Ahmedabad division of Western Railway, waterlogging   between Safale,   Kelve   Road,   Vasai Road   and   Nalasopara   sta- tions in the Mumbai Central Division   impacted   opera- tions. The situation was fur- ther   aggravated   by   landslides on the Central Railway net- work, forcing several long- distance   trains   to   be diverted. A   total of   seven train pairs (14 train services) were par- tially cancelled or short-ter- minated. These   include   the Kamavati   Express,   Sury- anagari   Express,   Double Decker   Express,   Ajmer- Dadar Express, Ahmedabad- Mumbai Vande Bharat Ex- press, Ahmedabad-Mumbai Tejas   Express   and   Bhuj- Dadar   Superfast   Express, with services originating or terminating at stations such as   Valsad,   Vapi,   Surat, Navsari and Bilimora instead of   Mumbai. In addition, seven trains were regulated en route, in- cluding   the   Ahmedabad-  1\Iumbai   Double Decker   Ex-  press, Ahmedabad-Mumbai Tejas Express, Gujarat Su- perfast Express, Bhuj-Dadar Superfast   Express,   Porb- andar- Dadar Saurashtra   Ex-  press,   Bikaner-Yesvantpur Express   and   Hisar-Secun- derabad   Supetfast   Express. Another   eight   long-dis- tance trains were diverted via alternate routes through  Man   mad, Jalgaon, Paldhi and Daund due to landslides on the   Central   Railway   net- work.   These   include   the Ahmedabad-Chennai   Ex- press,   the   Pune-Bhuj   Ex-  press, the Pune-Ahmedabad Duronto Express, the Chen- nai- Ahmedabad Express and the   Rajkot-Secunderabad Express, among   others. CEA issues notice to discoms to avoid load shedding during   peak period Our   Bureau  N~Delhi  The Central Electricity Au- thority (CEA) has issued an advisory to discoms recom- mending a slew of   measures, including setting up emer- gency   response teams,   to tackle blackouts and create a summer response plan, to prevent load shedding dur- ing peak demand periods. Despite   the   overall   ad- equacy   of   generation   re- sources and availability of power in the grid, several States   continue to experi- ence outages and load shed- ding   during   the   summer months,   rued   Ghanshyam Prasad, Chairperson of the  CEA.  "Picld   experience and op- erational feedback   indicate that a significant proportion of such interruptions arise from constraints within the distribution network. These include overloading of distribution transformers and   feeders,   inadequate transformation   capacity at substations,   delayed   system augmentation, failure of   age- ing   equipment,   local   net- work bottlenecks, and insuf- ficient   preventive maintenance," he added. In many cases, the actual growth in local demand ex- ceeds the pace of network strengthening, resulting   in transfonncr failures, feeder tripping, voltage-related is- sues, and consequent load shedding   during   peak   de- mand periods. PREPAREDNESS REVIEW The   CEA   suggested   that every discom should   com-  plete a Summer Prepared- ness   Review   by   February every   year,   which   should cover   nen,;ork   capacity as- sessment   identification   of distribution   transfonners (Dts) loaded above 80 per cent, feeders loaded above 80 per cent, power trans- fonners loaded above 75 per cent and areas experiencing low   voltage. A comprehensive Annual Preventive   Maintenance programmes of 33 kV   (kilo  volt) substations, 11   kV feed- ers, DTs, etc, shall be com- pleted prior to the onset of summer season. No critical   maintenance activity shall be deferred for the summer season except under   exceptional   circum- stances,   it   said   in   the advisory. EMERGENCY RESPONSE The CEA also emphasised that   dedicated   Emergency Response   Teams   ( ERTs)  shall   be constituted to re- store the power supply as soon as possible   \vithin   the applicable   and regulations. These teams may be posi- tioned at strategic locations, equipped   with   adequately trained   manpower,   testing equipment   and   requisite safety   equipment. Prasad   emphasised   that distribution utilities need to transition from a predomin- antly reactive approach of addressing   outages   after they occur to a proactive ap- proach based on scientific planning, predictive   analysis,  preventive maintenance,   and advance   preparedness   for seasonal demand   growth. ADVISORY   MEASURES  To deal   \vith   the situation, the   CEA   has prepared a set of advisory measures for dis- corns aimed at minimising load shedding and improving reliability of power supply during peak demand periods.  news •bl   - 11  Women-focused cash transfer schemes beat expectations:   EAC-PM Women-targeted   benefit transfers   ourpetform  gender-neutral   ones,   with India's digital payments in- frastructure amplifying the effect, a working paper by Prime   Minister   Economic Advisory Council (EAC-PM) has found. Authored by pan- time member of EAC-PM,  Soumya   Kanti   Ghosh   and SB! Economist Shagishna K, the   paper   recommend   a 'cash-plus'   empowerment model, better targeting com- bined with outcome-linked incentives   such   as   tying transfers to child nutrition improvements. The paper has examined two   schemes   -   Maha- rashtra's Mukhyamantri Ma- jhi   Ladki   Bahin   Yojana  (fl,500   per   month)   and Odisha's   Subhadra   Yojana  (U 0,000   per   year, biannual). The   Maharashtra   pro- gramme   raised   month-end balances   by approximately 84   percent(t6,884   per bene- ficiary) and spending by ap- proximately   46   per   cent  (tl,349).   The   Odisha pro- gramme raised balances by approximately 45 per cent  (t6,887)   and spending by 28 percent   (fl ,920).  ''The   Marginal   Propensity to   Consume   (MPC)   was around 0.90 for the monthly transfers indicating liquidity constraints.   In   particular, older women had more urge for   precautionary   savings while those women having lower   education   exhibited more urge to spend on edu- cation," the paper said. It may be noted that the MPC isameasureofthe pro- portion of increase in in- come a person or household is likely to spend on con- swnption. The paper noted that both the programmes generated   positive   house- hold spillover   effects,   im- proving financial positions of family members while re- ducing   their   expenditure outflows. A 10 per cent in- crease in beneficiaries' ac- count   balances   under Subhadra Yojana was associ- ated with a   1.9   per cent re- duction in relatives' spend- ingwhile in Maharashtra,   the Ladki Bahin scheme was as- sociated with a 23 per cent increase in relatives' month- end balances and a 49 per cent decline in spending. QUALITATIVE   SHU'T  Finally, spending basket ana-  lysis   reveals   a   qualitative shift   toward   lifestyle-re- lated, medical, and educa- tional   purposes alongside ac- celerated UPI adoption for beneficiaries.   For   example, in   Maharashtra   for   Ladki Bahin beneficiaries ATM re- lated educational expendit- ure recorded the largest in- creasefrom 18to24 percent. In UPI transactions, life- style-related expenditure re- corded   largest   increase, rising from 37 per cent to 42 per cent, while medical ex- penditure increased from 8- 10 percent. "Such results are in   conformity with   global trends that reveal women- focused   transfers generate stronger developmental out- comes than gender-neutral transfers, but   in   India the di- gital story   has revolutionised such payment mechanisms,'' the paper said.  +   Stealth frigate   Mahendragiri   to join Navy on Friday  This is the sixth  of seven vessels under   Project Gujarat to build rubber dams on Heran and Ambika rivers for irrigation and flood control The Sixth Project 17A indi- genous stealth frigate   Ma-  /iendragiri,   equipped   with enhanced   stealth   features, such as reduced radar signa- ture and a high degree of automation,   \viii   be commis- sioned into the Indian Navy atVisakhapatnam on Friday. The frigate   ls   empowered with an advanced suite of in- digenous   and   state-of-the- art weapons and sensors, in- cluding   surface-to-surface and   sutface-to-air   missile systems, sophisticated elec- tronic   watfare   capabilities, comprehensive   anti-sub- marine   watfare   systems   and an integrated Combat Man- agement   System,   a   Navy spokesperson   said Monday. The   frigate   is   equally suited for maritime security, power projection, hwnanit- arian assistance and disaster MARITIME POWER.   Mahendragiri   will   serve as a formidable force multiplier, safeguarding the nation's maritime interests and contributing to a secure,   stable   and prosperous   lndo-Paciflc  relief (HADR), search and rescue, and sustained pres- ence missions, he stated. The vessel is powered by a modern combined diesel or gas   (CODOG)   propulsion system, enabling high-speed operations with exceptional endurance   across   the   full spectrum of maritime mis- sions. It has been designed in- house by the Navy's Warship Design Bureau (WDB) and built by the Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders   Ltd   (MDL), Mumbai. The frigate's inhouse pro- duction exemplifies India's growing expertise in   indi- genous warship design and construction. The construction of   all the seven   vessels   is   divided between MDL and Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engin- eers (GRSE) in Kolkata. MAJOR MILESTONE The   Navy stated   that   the commissioning   of   Ma-  hendragiri   marks   another significant milestone in the successful execution of the Mahadev betting case: ED attaches assets of   Delhi businessman Vikas Garg Our Bureau  N~   Dtlhi  The Directorate of Enforce- ment (ED) has filed a com- plaint before the adjudicat- ing   authority   under   the Prevention of Money Laun- dering Act (PMLA), seeking confinnation of the provi- sional attachment of assets  worth   'l:940.n   crore in con- nection with the alleged Ma- hadev Online Book money laundering   case. The assets are linked to Delhi-based businessman Vi- kas Garg, along with his fam-  ily   members and companies,  with   the ED   treating   them as proceeds of   crime. The   ED   filed the com- plaint under Section 5(5) of the PMLA following a provi- sional attachment order on June   5. Movable assets worth  f893.03   crore and immov- able properties   worth   f 47.73  crore were attached. Among the largest   attach-  ments are 12.84 lakh shares, representing a 64.20 per cent stake   in   Ebix   Inc,   held through   Eraaya   Lifespaces Ltd, valued at   '765.77   crore. PROCEEDS OF C RIME The ED also referred to an- other 10.66 per cent share- holding in Ebix Inc, valued at  '127.26   crore, alleging that the value of those proceeds of crime had already been consumed and is therefore not available for attachment under the PMLA. Several   properties   at-  CJ  tached include luxury apart- ments in 'The Amaryllis'   in  Delhi,   commercial   proper- ties in Safdarjung Develop- ment Scheme, a residential property on Bahar Road, an apartment on Shivaji Marg, a flat owned by Vikas Garg   (as  Hindu Undivided Family). Besides properties in Goa, Uttarakhand, Rajasthan and Dehradun held by the com- panies named in the com- plaint   have   also   been attached. ALLEGED C LAIMS The accused allegedly cre- ated betting IDs, collected money from bets and facilit- ated betting on cricket and other sporting events. Dur- ing the   investigation, said the   complaint, some accused claimed   they   had   been trained by persons identified as   Sourabh   Chandrakar, al- leged to be a Co-founder of Mahadev Online Book, and another individual to oper- ate   the bettingplatfonn.  17A   being handled  by   Mazagon   Dock Shipbuilders and Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Project 17A programme.  As   the Navy continues to strengthen its maritime cap- abilities   through   indigenous warships,   Mahendragiri,   as a mission primed unit, stands ready to serve the nation with distinction, living up to her   motto,   "Mighty- Majestic-Matchless." The frigate embodies resi- lience,   strength   and   un- wavering resolve true to the name she has got from the majestic   Mahendragiri mountain range in the East- ern Ghats. Karnataka hopes to deepen ties with Hong K ong Our Bureau  Stngilluru  Kamataka's Large and Me- dium   Industries   Minister MB Patil met with Rajesh Narayan, Consul   General   of India to Hong Kong and Ma- cau, on Monday to discuss expanding   economic   part- nerships. Patil noted that bi- lateral trade between India and   Hong   Kong   stood   at  $25.81   billion in 2024-25. To   build   on   this   mo- mentum, the State govern- ment   proposed an institu- tional collaboration with the Consulate General of India in Hong Kong. Specifically, Kamataka re- quested a State-focused in- vestment roundtable   and   a dedicated desk to handle in- vestor   leads   and   business delegations.   The   initiative aims   to   channel   interna- tional   capital   from   Hong Kong into Karnataka's tech ecosystem, chip design, elec- tronics and start-ups. Our Bureau  Ahmedat>ad  Gujarat is set to construct  nvo   air-filled rubber dams on Heran river in Chhota Ude- pur district   and Ambika river in   Tupi   district, in a com- bined   project   worth   over  '160 crore.  The initiative marks the State's   first   use of South Korean   technology-based rubber dam systems, aimed at improving irrigation reli-  ability,   groundwater   re- charge and flood control in water-stressed regions. Officials noted that the re- gions have flat terrain and low riverbanks, where tradi- tional structures are less ef- fective in storing water and managing   seasonal   flows. The inflatable design allows water to be stored during   d ry periods and quickly released during heavy monsoon, and helps   reduce   flooding, erosion and Jong-term silt buildup. The system   uses   a rubber bladder mounted on a con- crete base that is inflated to hold water and deflated to let river flow pass naturally. AUTOMATION The projects also incorpor- ate   automation. The larger of the   nvo   projects is coming up on Heran river at Rajvasana in Bodeli taluka of Chhota Udepur, at a cost of over  f 82.97   crore. The structure is currently about 75 per cent complete and is scheduled for comple- tion within 30 months. C ROP SUPPORT Once operational, it is   expec- ted to provide irrigation sup-  port   across 3,420 hectares spanning 25 villages. The Rajvasana dam fea- tures a 180 m-long, 3.5 m- The svstcm uses  a   rubber   bladder mounted on   a  concrete base that is   inflated   to hold water and   deflated  to let it flow high rubber bladder, which will increase the storage ca- pacity of the existing weir to 3.5 million m' . FLOOD PROTECTION The project also includes   900  m offlood protection wall   on the left bank and 500 m on the right bank. Officials said a IO-year op- eration   and   maintenance contract had been included in the plan to ensure \ong- tenn upkeep. The second project is be- ing developed at Pathakwadi village in Dolvan taluka of  Tupi   district at a cost of   over  f79.13   crore. It   is   nearly   90  per cent complete and is ex- pected to bring around 650 hectares of farmland under assured irrigation in villages including   Pathakwadi, Dhodiyawad, Unai and Sind- hai. The dam has a total height of 4.5 m, formed by a 2.5 m rubber   bladder mounted on a 2 m concrete base,   and spans 280 m across four sections. It   is   equipped   with   a SCADA-based   automation system that allows for auto- matic inflation and deflation without   manual   interven- tion. STABLE IRRJGATION Officials added that both the dams are expected to im- prove   ground\vater   levels and provide more stable ir- rigation and drinking water availability in the surround- ingvillages. Kashmir's growers tap overseas markets with first shipment of   stone fruits to Abu Dhabi and Dubai  Guizar   Bhat  Srinagar  Kashmir's horticulture sec- tor is expanding its presence in overseas markets with the export   of   premium   stone fruits, as Fruit Master dis- patched   the   Valley's   first consignment of Aerko cher- ries and Scentrose plums to Abu Dhabi and Dubai. The one tonne shipment was sourced from high-dens- ity orchards in the Shopian and   Pulwama   districts   of south Kashmir. The Agricultural and Pro- cessed   Food   Products   Ex-  port   Development Authority (Apeda), under the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, facilitated   the   export   and last week   virtually   flagged off the consignment, led by its Chainnan Abhishek Dev. Kashmir is among India's leading   producers   of premium   plums,   with   the crop cultivated over nearly 1,500 hectares and annual production of around 8,000 tonnes. HIG H DENSITY CROP The Valley has also been wit- nessing a   gradual   shift to- wards   high-density   cherry plantations under the Hol- istic   Agriculture   Develop- ment Programme (HADP), which promotes early-bear- ing orchards capable of pro- ducing   better-quality   fruit while   reducing weather-re-  .: . .  lated risks. Cherries are cul- tivated on nearly 3,000 hec- tares,   ,vith   annual production   estimated   over 23, IOOtonnes. Official figures show the crop   contributes   around  n   75 crore annually to the region's   economy,   \\~th  Kashmir   accounting   for nearly 95 per cent of India's totalcherryoutput. INT EGRATED SYSTEM Agri-entrepreneurs said the know-how   needed   to   im-  prove   productivity and fruit quality. Commerce and Industry Minister Piyush Goyal, in a post on X, said the first ex-  port   consignment   of premium Aerko cherries and Scentrose   plums   from Shopian and Pulwama   to Abu Dhabi   and   Dubai   would strengthen the global recog- nition of Indian fruits while opening new opportunities for growers in the region.  !~li::~\=~k~~h:;:~:i~ ~   ,;:::======:;  build an integrated ecosys- tem   for   growers,   encom- passing quality planting ma- terial,   scientific   orchard management, grading, pack- aging and cold-chain logist- ics   to   meet   international market standards. Izhan Javed, ChiefExecut- ive Officer of Fruit Master, said the company focused on introducing superior cherry varieties   while   equipping farmers with the technical  TO ADVERTISE PLEASE CONTACT  Mr. N SELVA KUMAR  PH: 9820350726  selvak1.1mar.n@thehlnd1.1.eo.in  1h 1.:hindubusint. ·sslinc.