DELHI · TUESDAY· JULY 7, 2026   f 10   • Pages 12 • Volume S • Number 187 thehindu biiSitief~'Sline@ s L ENSEX  78285   07  l•m   ~ ': ''.:'.' 1 ','   ::,~:cu s   BOLSTERING TIES.   (\   1f:!!J   "   WUOR   RELIEF,  USDollar (in   , )   9S.l9  ,,_   '''""'   ,,.,~,,   PM Modi begins   Indonesia, Australia,   ~r   Kharif paddy acreage   sees  """'"""   "'   ,,   mooo.oo   New Zealand tour to deepen defence,   ,-.   remarkable recovery on 35%  JUNElO   JULV6   l~lO   Silver lkg (in   l)   trade and   lndo-Pacific   co-operation p3   r   .   surplus rain during July 1-5 p10  ______________________________ ;   l  QUICKLY.  DEBT DISPUTE Two vendors drag Ola to NCLT over   :f40   crore dues AAI builds new runway into pilot training business In a first,   alternative fuel vehicles top 40%of   registrations inJune  s Ronendra Singh  ~   from 29.22 per cent. Overall vehicle   retail   sales   across segments rose   22   per cent year-on-year to 25.57   lakh units in June from 20.99 lakh un its a year ago, FADA said.  FLIGHT PLAN. Move aligns with India's projected need for 30,000 pilots in 15-20 years  Bengaluru: E2Wmaker01a  Electric   is   facing   insolvency  proceeding,;   after two suppliers approached the NCLT, alleging  payment   defaults of about   f40  crore.   Sterling E-Mobility Solutions Ltd, the EV components arm of listed Sterling Tools Ltd, and   Anevo!ve  Man   do eMobility   Pvt   L td, part of the Anand Group, have sought the initiation of the   corporate  insolvency resolution process against Ola   Electric  Technologies   Pvt   Ltd.   pa  ANOTHER CO- OP EFFORT Centre plans pan-India co-operative   life   insurer  New   Delhi:   Union Co-operation Minister Amit Shah on Monday  announced   that a   pan-India  c:o-operativelifeinsurance  company will   soon   be   set   up. It will be the   fifth   national-level  co-operative   entity   launched  by   the NDA government, following   the   establishment of dedicated bodies for exports,  seeds,   organic products and  ta;,ciservices. p3  Rohit Vaid  New   Delhi  TheAirponsAuthorityofin-  dia   (AAI)   is   preparing   to enter   the   country's   pilot training ecosystem by estab- lishing Full Flight Simulator (FFS)   and   Type   Rat ing Training   Organisation (TRTO)   facilities   across its airport network, marking a strategic diversification   bey-  ond its traditional role   as   an airpon developer and oper- ator,   sources   told  busines.sline.  TENDER ISSUED A request for proposal (RFP) document,   reviewed   by   busi-  nessline,   showed   that   AAI had invited bids to appoint a consultant for   preparing a comprehensive implementa- tion strategy for establishing  FFS   and TRTO facilities at suitable airpons   under its network. The move assumes signi- ficance as it signals the entry of a government-backed   en-  tity into a segment t hat has so far largely been domin- ated by private training   pro-  viders. Besides, this comes at a  TAKING WINGS  o State airport operator invites consulta nt to chart roadmap for simulator and   pilot  training infra o AAI eyes pilot training as a new business vertical beyond airport operations o Initiative aims to boost domestic simulator   capacity  amid training slot shortages t ime when India is expected to witness a sharp rise in   de-  mand for trained commer- cial pilots. According to the Ministry of   Civil Aviation,   the country currently   has   10,261   valid  Airline   Transpon   Pilot   Li-  cence (ATPL) holders. The government   has   projected that   India   will   require around 30,000pilots over   the next   15-20   years to suppon the induction of more than 1,700 aircraft already on   or-  der   by   India's airlines. To meet this growing   re-  quirement, the Centre has been promoting the estab- lishment   of   pilot   training centres, Flying Training   Or-  ganisations (FTOs) and   sim-  ulator-based training infra- structure to strengthen the aviation skilling ecosystem. At present, India's rapidly expanding   airline   industry has   been   grappling with lim- ited flight simulator   capacity, forcing airlines to compete for slots and, in some cases, send pilots overseas for   type·  rating programmes. Consequently, several   In-  dian airlines, including   In-  diGo   and   Air   India,   have already   established   simu- lator training centres. Addi- tionally, private training pro- viders,   such   as   CAE   and L3Harris, also operate FFS facilities to   cater to the grow- ing training requirements of airlines. However, setting up such infrastructure requires   sig-  nificant capital investments with a modern FFS typically  +   Led   by   smartphones &   electronics, TN posted fastest growth in merchandise exports in FY26  Sindhu Hariharan Sourashis Banerjee  Chennai Tamil Nadu emerged as the fastest-growing major mer- chandise exporter in FY26, driven by its booming   smart-  phone and electronics manu- facturing ecosystem. The State's   merchandise expons rose 13.7 per cent  year-on-year   to   $59.3   billion, despite global trade tensions and geopolitical uncenain- t ies, according to the latest Commerce Ministry   data. Tamil Nadu also retained its position as India's largest electronics exponer for the third consecutive year, with electronics   shipments   sur- ging 36 per cent to   $19.9  billion. The State now accounts for 42 per cent of the coun- try's electronics expons.  TN forges ahead  I  CD   GI   l!l   "'"""'""'-""'""'   ::  GG>   :  G"1=t   Tam,!   : ~_.,~._....o.i,., :O  Maharashtra   Karnataka   Haryana   T elangana   R ajasthan  ■   FY25   ■   FY26   •Growth(in'lt,)  TOP SPOTS While   Gujarat   and   Maha- rashtra continued to be the country's top   two   merchand- ise   exporters   in   absolute terms,   Gujarat   recorded   a decline in exports and Maha- rashtra posted only marginal growth in FY26. Karnataka registered the second-highest   growth among   major   exporting States, with expons   rising over 12 percent to   $34.4   bil- lion, while Telangana saw   ex-  ports contract 27 per cent. According   to   Megha Arora, Director- Economics, India   Ratings   &   Research, electronics has emerged as India's third-largest export category   after   engineering goods   and   petroleum products,   accounting   for over 11 percent of   the coun- try's export   basket. Tamil   Nadu   has strengthened its position in India's export landscape,   in-  creasing its share of national merchandise exports to 13.7 percent in FY26from8.5 per cent in FY22, while retaining it s third position nationally. The gains were d riven by higher exports of electron- ics, engineering goods and chemicals. In contrast,   Gu-  jarat's share of India's mer- chandise   exports declined to 25.6 per cent in FY26 from 30.7 per cent   in   FY22,   re-  flecting weaker shipments of petroleum   products   and gems and jewellery.  Visu~nyp2  How luxury cars are becoming easier to own  Instead of t he full vehicle price, buyers   finance   only 3 years' expected depreciation Amit   Vijay   Mohile  When   SI-year-old   Guru-  gram-based   multinational execut ive   Rajan   Wadhcra set out to buy a luxury car this year, he thought he had found the perfect ant idote to   India's   rising   vehicle prices.   Living   at   DLF Camellias   and   driving barely 10-12 km a day to DLF Cyber City, he fits the profile   luxury   carmakers prize   most   -   affluent, urban and low-mileage. Instead of taking a   con-  ventional   loan,   Wadhera opted for BMW's   360°   pro-  gramme,   which   cut   the monthly outgo on a   '{50--70  lakh BMW XI or electric iXl from about   n   .5   lakh to  U0,000--85,000.   The catch: he   financed   only   the vehicle's expected depreci- ation over three   years,   not its full purchase price. BMW also guaranteed a  through leasing-led owner- ship models.  I G..   <"':t'   I   ACCESS OVER   ASSET Wadhera is far from an out - lier. BMW estimates India's structured ownership mar- pre-agreed residual value at the end of36 months.   Wad-  hcra can then either pay the balloon amount   and keep the car, refinance the bal- ance or simply   return it. These structured owner- ship plans combine guaran- teed   furnre   value   (GFV), balloon   financing and   as-  sured buyback options,   en-  abling   customers   to   pay only for the period   they   use the   vehicle   rather   than owning it   outright.  Luxury   marques includ- ing BMW, Mercedes-Benz, Audi and Lexus now offer such   programmes,   while some manufacturers are   ex-  tending   the   concept  CJ  ket at   '{4,500-5,000   crore, while Mercedes-Benz Fin- ancial Services has built an assets-under-management (AUM)   book   of   about  f   1,500   crore. Industry executives   es-  timate   penetration   has nearly   doubled   over   the past three years,   from 18-20 per cent of luxury vehicle sales in FY24 to 35-40 per cent now.   In   luxury EVs, nearly   two   out of every three   vehicles   arc   sold through such programmes. The   model   has   one caveat: Most plans assume annual   usage   of   about 15,000   km,   with   higher mileage reducing the guar- anteed buyback   value. "We are seeing a clear shift   in   cu stomer   beha- viour,   especially   in   t he premium and e merging   EV  segments, where buyers   in-  creasingly want flexibility, lower monthly ownership costs   and   confidence around future   value,"   said  Hardeep   Singh Brar, Presid- ent and CEO,   Bl\1W   Group India. RIDE RETHINK The concept is now spread- ing   beyond   lllXllry   brands into   the   U5-3S   lakh premium passenger vehicle segment. Volkswagen   and   Skoda  offer assured buyback pro- grammes on models such as the   Taigun,   while   Maruti Suzuki is planning Guaran- t eed Future Value schemes for the upcoming c Vitara. Tata Motors, JSW MG   Mo-  tor and Mahindra are also expanding   similar   owner- ship   models   across   their premium EV portfolios. costing   upwards   of   n oo  crore per   unit, apart   from the expenditure   on   associated infrastructure, maintenance and regulatory compliance. SCOPE OF WORK The   MI   tender document states that the   objective is to develop a sustainable busi- ness model that enables the body to panicipatc in the growing   aviation   training market while leveraging its airpon infrastructure. It added that the consult- ant will undertake an assess- ment of   the market demand, identify   suitable airpon loca- t ions,   evaluate   infrastruc-  rure   requirements,   recom-  mend   partnership   models and prepare detailed finan- cial   projections   covering capital   and   operating   ex-  penditure,   as also   revenue streams   and   return   on investment. The consultant will also examine domestic as well as international   demand   for simulator-based   pilot   train- ing   and   type-rating   pro- grammes   while   identifying aircraft   types   for which sim- ulator demand is   expected   to remain strong over the com- ing years. Alternative-fuel   vehicles (AFVs)   captured   a   record 40.35 per cent share of   In-  dia's passenger vehicle (PV) market   in June, driven by all- time   high   electric   vehicle (EV) sales, according t o data released by t he Federation of Automobile Dealers Associ- ations (FADA) on Monday. The   combined   share of compressed   natural   gas (CNG), hybrid and electric vehicles crossed the 40 per cent mark for the first time, with   passenger   EV   retail sales   touching   a   record 31,823units. PETROL VEHICLES   DIP  The share of   petrol- and eth- anol-powered   passenger veh icles fell to43.63 per   cent in June from 47.68 per cent a year earlier. In   contrast,   CNG-  powcred vehicles continued to gain ground, with their market share rising to 24.33 percent from 20.82 percent. Passenger EVs accounted for 7.75 per cent of total PV registrations   in   June,   up from 4.8 per cent a year ago, while hybrid vehicles were up   marginally to   8.27   per cent from 7.97 per cent, t he FADA report showed. NEW LAUNCHES The surge in EV sales was aided by new launches from market leaders Tata Motors Passenger   Vehicles   and Mahindra & Mahindra, fol- lowed by JSW MG Motor In· dia and VinFast India. Maruti Suzuki India and Toyota   Kir-  loskar   Motor also e ntered the space earlier this year with t he e-Vitara and Urban Cruiser EbeIla, respectively. The electrification trend was visible across other seg- ments   as well. Electric two-wheelers   ac-  counted for 10.6 per cent of registrations   in   June,   up from 7.34 per cent a year ago, while the share of petrol- powered models declined to 89.33 per cent from 92.44 per cent. In the three-wheeler seg- ment, the share of EVs   in-  creased   to   64.08   per cent from   58.44   per cent a year earlier, while CNG's share dropped   to 22.2   per cent Passenger   vehicle   regis- trat ions grew   28.63   per cent to over   4.1   lakh units, while  two-wheeler   registrations rose 21.22 per cent to about 18.28 lakh units during the month. MONSOON SCARE Looking ahead, dealers said retail   demand   \viii   depend on the   monsoon   recovery, kharif   sowing   and   supply chains   remaining   stable amid the West Asia ceasefire and softer crude   o il prices. "Two-wheelers should   be-  nefit from the rural income cycle once sowing is com- plete,   passenger   vehicles from the festival build-up   be-  ginning   with   Ganesh Charunhi   and   Onam   in September, and commercial vehicles   from   sustained goods movement and infra- st ructure   act ivity,''   said FADA   President   CS Vigneshwar. However,   he   cautioned that dealers see El Nino-led impact on rural demand as the biggest risk, followed by further price hikes hitting   af-  fordability   and   inventory build-up.  We Offer  360°Solutions  PMS  EQUITY  COMMODITY MUTUAL FUNDS*  INSURANCE**  NPS  IPO  EQUITIES   I   COMMODITIES   I   CURRENCIES   I   DP   I   NB PMS   I   IPOs   I   NPS   I   MTF   I   PMS & Alf  MUTUAL FUND DISTRIBUTION * I INSURANCE   BROKING  0   I FIXED INCOME PRODUCTS  :::-